Name:	 Evelyne Irimies
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	e.irimies@gmail.com
Location:	 US-CT-Manchester-06042
Work Status:	 Not Specified
Last Modified:	 10/31/2013
Last Activity:	 11/4/2013

Experience
Total years experience:	 8 Years, 7 Months
Job Categories:	 Nurse  (No experience)

Work History
Company Name:	 Ellington Pediatrics	 (0 Years) July 2013 - Present
Job Title:	 Pediatric Nurse Practitioner
Company Name:	 Saint Francis Medical Hospital And Medical Center	 (3 Years) June 2010 - Present
Job Title:	 Pediatric Behavioral Health Registered Nurse, Abc Unit
Company Name:	 Psa Healthcare	 (1 Years) June 2010 - June 2011
Job Title:	 Pediatric Private Duty Registered Nurse
Company Name:	 Infant Toddler Unit	 (2 Years) July 2008 - April 2010
Job Title:	 Pediatric Registered Nurse
Company Name:	 University Of Connecticut	 (0 Years) January 2006 - May 2006
Job Title:	 Laboratory Assistant, Virology Laboratory
Company Name:	 Nmr Laboratory	 (2 Years) January 2003 - December 2005
Job Title:	 Laboratory Assistant

Education
School:	 Yale University School Of Nursing	 Graduation Date:	 May 2013
Major:	 Pediatric Nurse Practitioner
Degree:	 Master's Degree
School:	 University Of Rochester School Of Nursing	 Graduation Date:	 May 2008
Major:	 Nursing
Degree:	 Bachelor's Degree
School:	 University Of Connecticut	 Graduation Date:	 May 2006
Major:	 Molecular And Cell Biology
Degree:	 Bachelor's Degree
Accreditations and Certifications

ANCC PNP-BC Certification

Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:	 Pediatric Behavioral Health Registered Nurse, ABC Unit	 Recent Wage:	 83,000 USD per year
Languages Spoken:	 Romanian	 Managed Others:	 No
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Evelyne Irimies
Manchester, CT 06042
860-794-8208
e.irimies@gmail.com
 
EDUCATION
M.S.N./P.N.P. Yale University School of Nursing, New Haven, CT May 20, 2013
B.S.N University of Rochester School of Nursing, Rochester, NY May 2008
B.S. in Molecular University of Connecticut, Storrs, CT May 2006
& Cell Biology
 
LICENSURES/CERTIFICATIONS/INSURANCE
ANCC PNP-BC Certification #2013012821 8/8/13-8/7/18
Connecticut (CT) APRN License #005498 Present-8/31/14
Connecticut Controlled Substance Registration for Practitioner 9/9/13-2/28/15
DEA Controlled Substance Registration Certificate 10/4/13-11/20/16
Nurses Service Organization Malpractice Insurance 9/6/13-9/614
Connecticut (CT) RN License #085387 Present-8/31/14
 
PEDIATRIC NURSE PRACTITIONER WORK EXERIENCE
Ellington Pediatrics: Ellingtion, CT July 2013-present
Position: Pediatric Nurse Practitioner
•   Provide primary care to infants, toddlers, school-aged children and adolescents in a suburban area.
•   Perform routine well child visits, pre-op and sports physicals, and developmental assessments.
•   Diagnose and manage acute and chronic conditions and illnesses.
•   Administer vaccinations and screening tests, prescribe medications and offer health and lifestyle education, counseling, and anticipatory guidance to children and their families.
 
STUDENT PEDIATRIC NURSE PRACTITIONER EXPERIENCE
Pediatric Primary Care
Yale New Haven Hospital, Primary Care Clinic , New Haven, CT January 2013-April 2013
Preceptors: Pat Jackson Allen, APRN & Nancy Banasiak, APRN
Smart Start Pediatrics, Glastonbury, CT January 2012-December 2012
Preceptor: Jennifer Lombardi, APRN
Children’s Medical Group, Hamden, CT October 2011-December 2011
Preceptor: Pat Ryan-Krause, APRN
•   Provide primary care to children from newborn through adolescence in both urban, underserved areas and suburban areas.
•   Perform routine well-child visits, pre-op, and sports physicals as well as developmental assessments, diagnoses and management of acute and chronic illnesses.
•   Administration of vaccinations and screening tests, prescribe medications and offer health and lifestyle education, counseling, and anticipatory guidance to children and their families.
School-Based Health Center
Smalley Academy, Community Health Center, New Britain, CT September 2012-December 2012
Preceptor: Sara Keiling, APRN
Windham High School, SBHC, Willimantic, CT January 2012-April 2012
Preceptor: Kathryn Nelson, APRN
•   Provided primary care to students in comprehensive school-based health centers in elementary school and high school settings in urban and suburban, underserved school areas.
•   Performed annual and sports physicals exams, diagnosed and managed acute and chronic health illnesses, administered vaccinations and screening tests, prescribed medications, and offered health and lifestyle education counseling to students and their families.
•   Provided reproductive health screening, counseling and treatment to high school students.
•   Worked in close contact with school social worker for high complexity psychosocial issues.
 
Pediatric Specialty Care
Connecticut Children’s Medical Center, Pulmonary Department January 2013-April 2013
Preceptor: Rosalynn Bravo, APRN
•   Provide specialty respiratory care, primarily related to asthma, to entire pediatric age range in a hospital-based specialty clinic while gaining experience and competence in asthma diagnosis and management.
•   Perform physical exams, interpreted pulmonary function tests, diagnosed and managed asthma and relate respiratory conditions, prescribe medications, and provide asthma education to children and their families.
 
Connecticut Children’s Medical Center, ENT Department June 2012-July 2012
Preceptor: Jennifer Pecot, APRN
•   Provided specialty ear, nose and throat care, primarily related to obstructive sleep apnea, chronic acute otitis media, enlarged tonsils and adenoids, chronic allergies, and conductive hearing loss, as well as follow up care for children after tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy surgeries and PE tube placement.
•   Performed physical exams, interpreted audiology assessments and sleep study results, diagnosed and managed conditions specific to ENT, prescribed medications, as well provided education to children and families about ENT-specific issues.
 
NURSING EXPERIENCE
Saint Francis Medical Hospital and Medical Center:Hartford, CT June 2010-present
Position: Pediatric Behavioral Health Registered Nurse, ABC Unit
•   Work closely with patients, families, clinicians, and Psychiatrists to provide behavioral and mental health care to pediatric patients from pre-school age to adolescence.
•   Conduct evidence-based group activities for patients with behavioral and psychiatric diagnoses.
•   Perform Charge Nurse responsibilities, including care-coordination with treatment team and delegation of tasks to other nurses and mental health workers.
 
 
 
 
PSA Healthcare: Plainville, CT June 2010-June 2011
Position: Pediatric Private Duty Registered Nurse
•   Provided in-home services to pediatric patients with medically fragile conditions with tracheostomies, G-tubes, seizure disorders, paralysis and developmental delays.
•   Worked closely with families and nurse managers to provide high quality family-centered health care and helped to build confidence that supported family involvement and improved quality of life of the child while fostering independence by developing in-home appropriate health care plans.
 
Yale New Haven Hospital 7-3 Infant Toddler Unit:New Haven, CT July 2008-April 2010 Position: Pediatric Registered Nurse
•   Responsible for full patient care of patients ranging from newborn through adolescent age with varying acute and chronic medical conditions in the inpatient setting.
•   Worked collaboratively with the health care team including Patient Care Assistants, fellow RNs, Nurse Management, and MDs to provide exceptional healthcare.
 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
University of Connecticut: Storrs, CT
Position: Laboratory Assistant, Virology Laboratory January-May 2006
•                   Studied mechanisms of virus-antigen/antibody interactions.
•                   Designed and calibrated ELISA testing, RT PCR, immunoassays and cell line maintenance and growth.
•                   Conducted immunoglobulin extraction from cell lines.
Position: Laboratory Assistant, NMR Laboratory 2003-2005
•   Acquired laboratory skills, including laboratory management, while studying the concepts in structural biochemistry, practiced bacterial culturing and protein extraction processes.
•   Refined NMR experiments for studying protein denaturation and folding.
 
PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATIONS
Member, Sigma Theta Tau International, 132 Epsilon Xi Chapter 2008-Present
Member, National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners October 2012-Present
 
MASTER’S PRAXIS
Understanding and Overcoming Speech, Language and Communication Delays in Children with Tracheostomies. New Haven, CT: Yale University School of Nursing.
 
PUBLICATIONS
Watson, E., Matousek, W.M., Irimies, E.L. & Alexandrescu, A.T. (2007). Partially folded states of
staphylococcal nuclease highlight the conserved structural hierarchy of OB-fold proteins, Biochemistry, 46, 9484-9494.
 
 
 
PROGRAMS & CERTIFICATIONS
•   Yale New Haven Hospital Baccalaureate Nurse Residency Program: Completed August, 2009: Completed one-year residency program for new graduate, bachelors prepared RN’s.
•   Nurse as Teacher: October 2009: In depth educational project for the Infant Toddler Unit on Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome, Non-Accidental Trauma, and VP shunt placement. Reference binder made and provided to the unit for a staff resource.
•   New Staff Member Mentorship Program: December 2009: Developed program that provides new staff members with resources and support to help them develop and grow into their professional career and find the potential within themselves to succeed.
 
References available upon request.
 
