Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	bores25@yahoo.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 2/28/2003
Last Activity:	 2/28/2003

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

DOUGLAS N. BORES
4883 State Route 601 ? Norwalk, Ohio 44857 ? (419) 668-7067 ? bores25@yahoo.com

Objective: To obtain a position utilizing previous experience and gaining new
skills.

Profile: Electrical skilled tradesman. Studied Hydraulics, Pneumatics, Electronic
Troubleshooting and Repair and scored 96% on the Basic Electronics and Electrical
Equipment Exam.


Education: IBEW Electrician Apprentice School Fall
2000-Summer 2002
Instructed in direct and alternating current circuits focusing on pipe bending,
generators, motors, inductive reactance, capacitive reactance, power factors, phase
angles, resistors, diodes, and many other electrical aspects. Scored first in class
average for year 2001-2002.

Ohio State Fire Academy Fall 1997
Attended classes for pumper operations, building construction, fire attack and
containment, hazardous materials, rescue, extrication, salvage and overhaul, and
ventilation. Became certified as a Nationally Registered Emergency Medical
Technician-Basic. Attended classes for CPR and Medical and Traumatic Emergency
Situations.

The United States Navy June 1992-June 1996
Attended Torpedoman ?A? School in the Navy. Studied Hydraulics, Pneumatics, Electronic
Troubleshooting and Repair and scored 96% on the Basic Electronics and Electrical
Equipment Exam.

Norwalk High School, Norwalk, OH June 1992

Work Experience:
Sattelight Electric, Vermillion, OH July 2002 to Present
Inside Wireman/Project Foreman
Provide safe, efficient, and quality craftsmanship during service calls and/or new
construction. Worked on single phase and three phase systems, and services. Coordinated
with other trades as project foreman on medium and small projects. Collaborating with
co-workers to organize and plan to achieve daily goals. Provided safe handling of high
dollar equipment. Listening to co-workers for further insight on how a task can be
completed.

Chester County Electric, Exton, PA August 1999 to July 2002
Inside Wireman
Basically the same tasks as listed above. Worked as a union apprentice electrician for
large, medium, and small projects. Achieved highest grade point average for
apprenticeship class in the 2001-2002 school year. Instructed others to reach a higher
level of quality.

Brandywine Hospital and Trauma Center, Coatesville, PA April 1999 to August 1999
Emergency Medical Technician
Committed to providing emergency care for medical and trauma patients including safe
transportation to and from residences and medical facilities. Provide court-approved
documentation that detailed care that patient received. Perform vehicle checkouts and
sterilization procedures for all equipment prior to and after use. Work closely with
paramedic, and flight teams

Great Valley Health Systems, Paoli, PA Fall 1998 to
Spring 1999
Emergency Medical Technician
Routine transport company, Turned in resignation to work 911 services

North Central E.M.S., Norwalk, OH Spring 1998 to
Fall 1998
Emergency Medical Technician
Duties similar to above job description. Turned in resignation to relocate to
Pennsylvania.

Oglesby Construction Co., Norwalk, OH Spring 1996 to
Spring 1998
General Laborer
Safe transportation of crews and equipment to and from job sites. Effective team member
in completion of jobs in accordance with state regulations. Repair of hydraulic,
pneumatic, and electronic equipment.

United States Navy
Summer 1992 to Summer 1996
Torpedomans Mate 3rd Class (Surface Warfare)
Held title of Divisional Data Analysis and Processing Advisor, which entails
authorization of security clearances to divisional personnel. Accountable for
multi-million dollar military equipment. Supervision of subordinates and procured
equipment through computer systems. During which time received Letters of Appreciation
(3), Sea Service Deployment Ribbons (2), Good Conduct Medal, National Service Defense
Medal, Armed Forces Service Medal, Enlisted Surface Warfare Specialist.


References: Upon Request
