Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	jeffrey.hayes@verizon.net
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 4/6/2003
Last Activity:	 4/6/2003

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

JEFFREY W. HAYES
2950 Ridge Road
Norwalk, Ohio 44857
419-660-9115
jeffrey.hayes@verizon.net

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Proven Management Experience with more than Ten Years of
Diverse background as a Director, Trainer, Analyst and Supervisor in
Private and Non-Profit business enterprise.
Confirmed track record in the Insurance, Banking, and
Production Industries with Project Management/Business Analyst
experience, interfacing effectively and responsively within all levels
of organization structure including IT and customer base.
Experienced Professional Service DBA Jeffrey W. Hayes, Business
Management Consultant, in Business Plan Development including Strategic
Planning, Sales Forecasting, Product and Program Management in the
Healthcare / Production / Service / Non-Profit Industry and Liaison
between Organizations and Internal Revenue Service.
Provider of Financial Modeling / Services by Directing and/or
Preparing Cost/Benefit Analysis by being adept in Data Analysis and
Data Modeling as tools in the genre of Healthcare / Insurance product
development, marketing and sales.
Committed to building strategic alliances both within and across
departments, and within and outside the firm.

EDUCATION
Ashland University Ashland, Ohio 1991-1993
Master of Business Administration, MBA, in Executive Management
Franklin University Columbus, Ohio 1986-1990
Bachelor of Science, BS, in Business Management
Bachelor of Science, BS, in Finance

LEADERSHIP AND TRAINING
Exceptional Interpersonal Communication Skills / Ability to Act
as a Mentor, Provide Leadership, Direction and Training for Team
Members and Adult Learners in Group Settings.
Recognized as a member of business management faculty at
several colleges and universities in Ohio

PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFILE
Conduct phases of project management including documentation
and maintenance of the project plans and participated and directed
project definition and priority setting with supported customers
including preparation of project plans using task lists, time and
resource estimates, phases and target dates.
Develop procedures and systems for establishing, operating, and
assessing the effectiveness of administrative control systems in line
or operating programs; and the accomplishment, evaluation, and/or
monitoring of audits, inspections, or management or internal control
reviews.
Evaluate, processes, or makes recommendations for effective
organizational changes.
Conduct fact-finding and investigations into more effective and
efficient ways of managing the organization's work.
Review internal processes and procedures, making
recommendations for improvements to promote efficiency, effectiveness,
and cost savings.
Develop financial policies for the program established under
the laws that govern activity.
Advise officials and managers on the accuracy of disclosure
documents and the financial condition of the funds, as required by the
Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990 and other relevant statutes.
Analyze and evaluated, on a quantitative or qualitative basis,
the effectiveness of programs or operations in meeting established
goals, measures, and objectives.
Apply broad, general financial principles, theories, and
concepts to the complex and changing management of funding, to address
problems in attaining broad program management goals.
Implement overall system improvements in the financial
management of funds.
Propose changes in program scope and advises on all aspects of
the interpretation and application of existing policies and procedures
for the funds.
Prepare report and information for management.
Bring trends to the attention of management.
Write reports that identify noncompliance with regulations,
inefficient operations, or improper practices.
Develop constructive recommendations for improvements to the
financial position of the organization.
Write factual reports that identify noncompliance with
regulations, inefficient operations, or improper practices.
Develop constructive recommendations for improvements within the audit
segment.
Design, code, and implement solutions to meet customer needs,
as well as, recommend and implement improvements to business systems.
Investigate and resolve complex business and system problems by
providing support for production systems in a timely manner.
Responsible for maintaining overall technical knowledge of
applications supported and their relationship to the overall
application.
Actively participate in quality assurance checks to insure the
accuracy and reliability of program changes and that development
adheres to IT standards (ISO9000 guideline).




WORK HISTORY

Transition Healthcare Associates Vermilion, Ohio 03/1999-05/2002
Senior Financial Analyst
Reported directly to the Director of Strategic Planning and Budgeting
Developed understanding of the pricing, revenue and costs for all
departments and services, as well as, business drivers (Volumes, Market
Share and Operational Benchmarks). Assisted with analysis, review and
reporting of monthly business variances and quarterly forecasts. Worked
directly with director to manage capital and expense spending. Assisted
department directors with resolution of issues identified in variance
analysis and forecasting process. Formulated quarterly corporate
forecasts. Developed analytical services to evaluate business
alternatives and opportunities and develop business plans. Developed
product line/service profitability statements Developed presentations
Assisted in the development of annual departmental and corporate
budgets. Assisted with development of publication of strategic plans
Conducted NPV and IRR analysis for project consideration

The Ohio State University Mansfield, Ohio 08/1996-present
Instructor : Business Finance & Analysis and Operations Management

Bowling Green State University
Firelands College Huron, Ohio 08/1998-08/2000
Instructor : Business Economics and Finance & Statistical Analysis

Owens Community College Findlay, Ohio 08/1995-08/1996
Instructor : Business Management & Industrial / Organizational
Psychology

Jeffrey W. Hayes DBA Jeffrey W. Hayes 10/1984-present
Business Management Consultant

Ohio Northern University Ada, Ohio 08/1993-05/1997
Lecturer : Business Economic & Financial Modeling

Tiffin University Tiffin, Ohio 08/1993-08/1997
Instructor :Business Finance and Management & Business Marketing

University of Findlay Findlay, Ohio 08/1992-12/1996
Senior Lecturer : Business Economics & Business Finance and Analysis

Honda of America, Inc. Anna, Ohio 07/1991-08/1992
Quality Control / Assurance & Production Scheduling / Workflow Analysis

Proctor & Gamble, Inc. Lima, Ohio 07/1990-07/1991
Quality Control / Assurance

Principal Financial Group Columbus, Ohio 06/1987-07/1990
Registered Representative / Series 6 & Life, Accident & Health License

Arlington Security Company Columbus, Ohio 08/1986-06/1987
Resource Coordinator / Project Planning /Project Management

County Savings Bank Columbus, Ohio 11/1985-06/1987
Lending Services Supervisor
