Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	denham13@aol.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 4/13/2005
Last Activity:	 4/13/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Barbara J. Toth
200 West Main Street
Norwalk, OH 44857
(419) 663-4103
denham13@aol.com

Summary of Qualifications:
Fifteen years of successful sales and marketing. Primary strengths are
interpersonal and communication skills enhanced by personal creativity.

Professional Sales Experience:

Medical Sales and Marketing

PDI Medical Device & Diagnostics – New Jersey. IV/POST-OP SPECIALIST under contract for
Smith & Nephew Wound Management of Largo, Florida. Responsible for selling and marketing
transparent dressings(IV3000) for IV sites and post-op dressings to hospitals throughout
Ohio and Western Pennsylvania. In March 2004 my 40% territory sales increase was the
largest among my colleagues. Due to my persistence my conversion rate for our VA BPA
initiative is 90%, with 9 out of 10 VA Hospitals converting to my products. I have met
quarterly business objectives each period. My responsibilities include training nurses
on my dressings throughout many departments in each hospital such as the MICU, SICU,
NICU, ER, Infection Control, Med/Surg Floors, Anesthesiology, etc. (8/03-3/05) Smith &
Nephew decided not to renew the contract due to their emphasis on newer products.

American Dental Technologies - Corpus Christi, Texas. REGIONAL PRODUCT CONSULTANT for
Northern Ohio and Northern Indiana. Responsible for selling and marketing high tech,
dental equipment to dentists via an office in Columbus, Ohio. The equipment included
dental lasers, intraoral cameras, and air abrasion. Provided training and education via
Continuing Education Units to the dental office staff. (6/00-7/01) This company is no
longer in business as of 2002.

MetroHealth Medical Center - Cleveland, Ohio. PHYSICIAN LIAISON for 380 staff physicians
and community physicians in 6 counties surrounding Cleveland. Promoted MetroHealth to
nonreferring physicians. Developed and marketed many necessary materials such as the
MetroHealth Staff Directory and Referral Guide and a Physicians' Resource Center.
Increased the number of referring community physicians by 20%, but the Center chose to
downsize by one-third in 1996. Served on several managed care committees. (7/94-7/96)

Princeton Pharmaceutical Products, a Bristol Myers-Squibb Division - Princeton, NJ.
SENIOR PROFESSIONAL SALES REPRESENTATIVE for initially 337 Northeastern Ohio physicians,
10 hospitals, and pharmacies. Responsible for promoting and maintaining $1.5 million
cardiovascular, antibiotic, and psychotropic business. Developed and trained sales force
in use of computer as a visual aid and a business tool. Ranked 3rd in region and 1st in
division. Won national, regional, and many division contests due to a team relationship
with sales colleagues. Served as Training Advisor for new sales trainees. (11/87-7/93)

Boehringer Mannheim Products - Indianapolis, IN. DIABETES AND URINALYSIS SALES
SPECIALIST for 24 West Side and Akron hospitals, 200 area physicians, and 28 diabetes
supply centers. Instructed professional staff and patients on blood glucose monitoring.
Spoke to diabetic support groups, nursing students, etc. about the importance of
monitoring blood glucose. Worked with local nonprofit organizations such as the American
Diabetes Association and the Juvenile Diabetes Association. Consistently in top third of
percent increases in dollar growth among 189 national salespeople. (6/85-8/87)

Howmedica, Inc.- Rutherford, NJ. SURGICAL IMPLANT SPECIALIST for Howmedica’s
distributor, Stuart’s Drug and Surgical Supply, Inc. Responsible for sales of Howmedica
products (80%) and miscellaneous products (20%) such as cast room supplies, wound
drainage systems, and electrical bone growth stimulators. Quintupled total sales volume
in my territory within two years. Responsible for in-service education of doctors and
nurses on new products and operating techniques. Trained new orthopedic specialists.
(2/82-5/84)

Educational Background:
John Carroll University - Cleveland, Ohio. B.A. in Psychology. Secondary Education
Teaching Certificate for the State of Ohio.

Adjunct Experience:
Conspired in the creation of a unique small business, Shadowstalkers, 10 years ago.
Shadowstalkers today designs custom mystery and team building events for the American
Heart Association, Captain Montague’s Bed and Breakfast, Hotel Breakers at Cedar Point
Amusement Park, Firelands Regional Medical Center, Ravenwood Castle, and others.

State of Ohio Social Worker and Adoption Assessor for Erie County Department of Human
Services from 1997-2000. Responsible for stepparent and independent adoptions by
contract to Erie County Probate Court. Solely responsible for agency adoptions. Worked
with dependent, neglected, and abused children in various stages of custody.
OhioAdoption Photo Listing Coordinator. Completely updated agency adoption program to
conform to State of Ohio standards.

Attended many professional seminars such as the two day conference sponsored by LITE
(League of Intravenous Educators) in July 2004.
