Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	tbieber@jdweb.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 5/22/2005
Last Activity:	 5/22/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

TODD L. BIEBER, CPIM
106 Old Field Drive
Bloomsburg, PA 17815

E-Mail: tbieber@jdweb.com
Cell: 570-594-0880


PERSONAL PROFILE

Senior IT professional with extensive experience providing business
solutions to growing manufacturing companies. Delivers results with a
service-oriented approach. Excels at building consensus to improve
business processes and achieving strategic and operational goals.
Skilled in interpreting, presenting and
solving business problems. Actively coaches and develops technical and
non-technical staff with a proven
ability to transfer job knowledge and skills to all levels.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE AND ACCOMPLISHMENT

Business Process Improvement
Strategic Planning
Application Software Development
Building Customer Relations
Startups/Acquisitions
Organizational/Policy Development
Bar Code/Radio Frequency (RF) Systems
Security Administration
Project/Vendor Management
IT Infrastructure/Help Desk Services


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

First Quality Enterprises, McElhattan, PA 1999-2004
Private manufacturer of consumer healthcare, medical device and
non-woven textiles

Director of Information Technology
Directed cross-functional teams to implement supply chain, production,
warehousing, customer service,
financial and administrative systems in a rapidly expanding
manufacturing company. Advised and recommended
solutions to ownership for continuous process improvements throughout
the organization.

Created the information systems infrastructure for a new company with
multiple manufacturing sites.
Infrastructure included the installation of computer equipment,
database platforms and bar code/radio
frequency (RF) technology throughout the facilities.
Installed and upgraded systems to support an increase in production and
sales growth of 700% in 5 years.
Developed applications and business processes to pass audit assessments
and become a primary supplier to a
global leader in baby care products within 18 months of startup.

Promoted and implemented Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES)
solutions and developed a Performance Scorecard
with Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to track downtime, efficiency,
and yield/web utilization on a
daily/weekly/MTD/YTD basis.
Increased uptime by 5% resulting in an opportunity cost of $6.2M.

Replaced a manual 4-ply Purchase Requisition form with a single
automated Web-based approval process for 5
separate companies.
Cost savings of $200K within 12 months by enforcing business rules and
reducing the average time from 2 weeks
to 2 business days to submit and process a purchase requisition.

Increased inventory and costing accuracy from 78% to 99.8% and reduced
the logistical support to process each
shipment by 1.5 hours with a contract manufacturer.

Enhanced teamwork and communication among salaried and non-salaried
employees by developing a company-wide
Incentive Program with quarterly bonuses connected to safety, quality,
production and inventory goals. The
Incentive Program initiated numerous process improvement programs.
TODD L. BIEBER, CPIM Page 2

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (Continued)

Led the development of an enterprise-wide Help Desk infrastructure
resulting in a significant improvement in
customer responsiveness from one-week to same day service.

Increased inventory accuracy of computer hardware and software
licensing by 65% through the implementation of
an asset management process.

Enhanced information security by implementing awareness programs,
e-mail encryption, intrusion detection
systems and security tokens.

Saved the business a minimum of $100K in annual cellular costs through
contract negotiation and enhanced the
service area by migrating to a new wireless provider.

Achieved savings in excess of $150K annually by negotiating a new
personal computer contract and increased the
hardware warranty by 2 years.

Wise Foods Inc., Berwick, PA 1998-1999

Manager, Business Systems Development
Managed a 12 member project team to implement Year 2000 enterprise-wide
business systems.

Successfully implemented an IBM AS/400 platform with integrated JD
Edwards financial, purchasing, warehousing
and EDI applications prior to Year 2000.

Graphic Packaging Corporation, Wayne, PA
1991-1998

Project Manager, Information Technology
Managed the implementation of enterprise-wide systems and all aspects
of the software/hardware project life
cycle. Oversaw systems development, server/network performance and
data center effectiveness.

Managed the due diligence and integration of disparate information
systems to facilitate 4 corporate
acquisitions in 6 years leading to an increase in sales from $90M to
$400M.

Developed and implemented a data warehousing system that provided
executive management the ability to make
pertinent business decisions by correlating sales and forecasting data
from disparate legacy systems in
multiple locations/divisions.

Unisys Corporation, Blue Bell, PA 1986-1991

Project Manager, Software Application Development
Managed teams of 5-10 professionals in a structured environment
developing software applications for various
markets (manufacturing, telecommunications, airlines, sporting events).

EDUCATION

Penn State University, State College, PA
MS Information Systems

Millersville University, Millersville, PA
BS Computer Science

PROFESSIONAL/COMMUNITY AFFILIATIONS

APICS (American Production Inventory Control Society)
certification
Advisory Board Member, Penn State University, Information Systems
and Technology
Strategic Planning and Steering Committee Member, Central
Columbia School District

