Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	emcfadde8@hotmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 5/24/2004
Last Activity:	 5/24/2004

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Erin McFadden
2 Baneberry Lane
Norwalk, OH 44857
qtstix@hotmail.com
Home: 419-668-5248

Communication Honors Graduate

OBJECTIVE:
Dedicated communication honors graduate pursuing an administrative
position.

EXPERIENCE:
9/2003 - 12/2003
Make-A-Wish Foundation Cleveland, OH
Internship:
I assisted with various promotional events and organized a Co-Op
program with Regal Cinemas. I also created and planned a wish for a
child. The wish entailed a shopping spree and lunch. I contacted
various stores to receive permission and assistance in creating a
special day for the child. I was also responsible for locating
transportation for the day. Some of my other duties include various
day-to day office work: answering phones, creating mailing packets,
making copies, and calling individuals regarding various Make-A-Wish
events.

6/2003 - 10/2003
Bellini's Italian Restaurant Berea, OH
Sever/Hostess:
I prepared workstations and served customers. As hostess I greeted and
seated customers and answered phones. I was also involved in the
catering aspect of the restaurant where I learned event preparation,
implementation, and presentation and clean up.

6/1999 - 5/2003
Smith Paving & Excavating Const. Company Norwalk, OH
Office Secretary:
I operated the Deneb Software Program, collected and compiled job
files, corresponded and assisted with customers and trained new
employees on how to use the software program. I answered incoming calls
and directed them to the various offices. I was also involved with
various aspects of the Safety Department.

EDUCATION:
Graduating 5/9/2004
Baldwin-Wallace College Berea, OH
Bachelor of Arts, cum laude, in Communication Studies.
Deans list: Spring & Fall 2002, 2003, 2004


Related Coursework:
Business and Professional Speaking, Persuasive Campaigns, Research
Methods, Public Speaking, Group and Organizational communication.

AFFILIATIONS:
9/2003-5/2004
International Association of Business Communicator Director of
Promotional Material

SKILLS:
Microsoft Word-Expert Currently used/7 years
Microsoft Excel- Intermediate 1 year ago/2 years
Microsoft Power Point- Expert Currently used/5 years

REFERENCES:
Rachael Fuller
Make-A-Wish Foundation
Development Officer
Phone: (216) 241-3676

Dr. Mary Toale
Baldwin-Wallace College
Department of Communication and Theatre
Assistant Professor
Phone: (440) 826-5901

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION:
Participated in round-table discussion with Robert J. Thompson,
director of the Center for the Study of Popular Television at Syracuse
University, regarding "Reality TV: The Demon We Love To Hate"

Developed a web-site highlighting my four years at Baldwin-Wallace
College.

Volunteered at the St. Malachi Center where I was responsible for
leading children in art projects, reading programs and assisted at
various field trips.

"Erin is an open-minded, dedicated individual who would be an asset to
your staff...Erin is reliable, yet flexible and has proven her ability
to handle unexpected situations that may arise." Rachael Fuller,
Make-A-Wish Foundation
