Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	JenniferESeeger@aol.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 4/11/2006
Last Activity:	 4/11/2006

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

JENNIFER E. SEEGER
942 Pebble Hill Road 128 Mount Olympus Apts.

Doylestown, Pa Bloomsburg, pa

18901 17815
(h) 215-345-8633 (c) 267-688-1803 (e) JenniferESeeger@aol.com


OBJECTIVE
To obtain a rewarding position in the social services field, preferably working
with children and adolescents.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Social Work May 2006
Bloomsburg University of PA GPA in major 3.22
Proficient using Microsoft Word, Excel, SAS statistical program, Power Point,
Internet, Email


INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE

Assistant to School Social Worker - Jan. 06 - present
Central Susquehanna Intermediate Unit

Assisted in the formulation and facilitation of social skills groups for
adolescents with special needs.

Observed the IEP/Revaluation process in goal planning for students with special
education needs.

Assisted the ongoing SW assessment process of student needs in the academic
setting and addressed issues with appropriate intervention techniques.
Worked with parents to connect them with resources within the community.


PRACTICUM EXPERIENCE

Assistant to the Director of Child Therapy at the Fall 03 - Spring 04
Women's Shelter of Columbia/ Montour County

Conducted group therapy sessions for sexually and physically abused children.
Participated in play therapy with children of residents at the shelter.
Worked with Berwick Elementary to implement a sexual assault support group for
5th grade girls.


EMPLOYMENT EXPERIENCE

Orientation Leader- Bloomsburg University Spring 04 - Fall 05

Worked with incoming college freshman and their families to combat the stress and
tension associated with starting college and leaving home.
Organized group activities and clarified academic related issues.


VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE
Alpha Phi Omega- National Community Service Fraternity-Participated in community
service projects with Big Brother/ Big Sisters of Bloomsburg, Danville State
Mental Hospital, Colleges against Caner.

Member of the National Association of Social Workers
Social Work Club- Bloomsburg University - Participated in fundraising and service
projects.

Woody's Circle of Care Foundation, Annual Golf Outing Coordinator- A non-profit
organization aimed
at aiding needy families with children within Bucks and Montgomery Co.
References Available Upon Request
