Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	dennisratto@aol.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 6/29/2005
Last Activity:	 6/29/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

1632 Rocky Cove Lane • Reno, NV 89521

Phone 775-745-2292 • E-mail dennisratto@aol.com

Dennis Ratto
Objective

I am seeking a challenging management/sales position.

Summary of qualifications

30 Years of successful sales, marketing and management experience
Achieved a track record of consistent sales increases and high profit margins
Developed and conducted successful technical sales training programs and seminars
presented to key accounts, manufacturers and distributors
Client consulting, specification development and technical sales support
Administrative and operations management
Received national sales and profit-percentage production awards
New business development while maintaining and expanding existing accounts
Developed and maintained a loyal , repeat and referral clientele, by providing
dependable, personalized service of the highest quality
Production management, supervision, training, quality control, and shipping

Work experience


October 2002-Present Dynamic Motorsports Reno, NV
West Coast Manager
Managed daily operations of exotic automobile store. Responsibilities included ordering
of inventory, display, marketing, sales, receiving and delivery, and follow up with
customer.
Increased sales from 25 units to 54 units per year
Reduced operating expenses by 35%
Increased profit by 280%
Moved and expanded the dealership


March 2002-October 2002 Valley Ink and Printing Supplies SJ,CA
Major Account Manager
Identify and contact large commercial printers. Sell and set up accounts, including but
not limited to price setting, inventory agreements, and equipment placements.
Increased territory sales by 50% in 4 months.
Increased territory gross profit by 86%.

Litho Development & Research SF, CA
Sales Manager, Northern California
Managed sales of Sacramento and San Francisco branch offices grossing more than $15
million. In complete charge of sales. Duties included sales forecasting, profit and loss
reports, hiring, training, and managing of 7 employees. In charge of branch operations
in absence of Branch Manager.
Maintained sales levels in territory until buy out of company.
Highest sales among 6 territories.

Bottcher America Corporation Seattle, WA
Sales Territory Manager
Solely responsible for all operations in the Pacific Northwest. Introduced and marketed
the Bottcher Product in untapped territory. Conducted training seminars for pressroom
personnel on proper care and usage of our product.
Single handedly built sales to $1 million per year, second highest in company.
Set single year growth record for a territory.

Bingham Roller Company Seattle, WA
Sales Territory Manager
Sales representative for Northern California, Washington, and Oregon.
Increased sales in existing territory by 120% in the first year.
Earned “Outstanding Sales Increase” award.

Serramonte Ford Serramonte, CA
New/Used Auto Sales Closer
Sold new and used cars at one of the largest Ford Stores in the U.S. Responsible for
closing 80-100 sales per month for up to 20 salespeople.
Promoted to closer after 3 months.
Top Sales Team at dealership 9 of 12 months.


1982-1986 Ratto Rubber Company Oakland, CA
Manager
Responsible for sales and manufacturing operations, generating revenues in excess of $2
million per year.
Brought family business back to profitability.

Rocky’s Fine Tobacco Redwood City, CA
Owner/Manager
Started, owned, and operated retail business.
Built a successful retail operation.
Sold business for high profit.

Exotic Car Imports Redwood City, CA
Owner
Sought and acquired exotic cars in Europe. Imported, detailed, restored and sold for
high profits in the US marketplace.
Acquired the skills and knowledge of international trade.

Personal Data

I am in excellent health. Since I am single, travel and scheduling is not a
problem. My interests include: jogging, strength training, sports, computers ,
automobile restoration and travel.

Strengths

Energetic and self motivated…reliable and dependable…effective as a team member,
or as a one man show…can think beyond the box…excellent decision making ability…patient
and professional…quick learner, relates effectively with individuals of all ages,
cultures and backgrounds…well organized…skillful motivator…versatile and adaptable…works
well in pressure situations.
