Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Private
Email:	
Location:	 US-OH-Norwalk-44857
Work Status:	 Not Specified
Last Modified:	 10/2/2002
Last Activity:	 10/2/2002

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	 Marketing  (No experience)
Media - Journalism - Newspaper  (No experience)
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:	 100,000 USD per year	 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:	 Road Warrior	 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	 US-CA-San Diego-92101
US---

Resume

T. Alan Blair
5 Hawthorne Drive
Norwalk, OH 44857
419.668.2458



PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I have a diverse range of senior level direct marketing experience; including all aspects
of building and maintaining day-to-day sales and marketing operations, client services,
public relations, internal and external communications, staffing, training, lead
generation, and e-marketing. This also includes all marketing budget controls, P & L,
and ROI responsibilities. Furthermore, I have a strong background in effectively
building and managing direct marketing teams and campaigns that are result/performance
driven.

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

Invacare Corporation, Elyria, Ohio 1999 2002
The Worlds leading manufacturer of durable medical equipment with over 25,000
distributors/ retailers and sales over $1B annually. NYSE (IVC)

Director of Advertising/Co-op Marketing Client Sales
·Designed national and local retail sales and marketing programs for Invacares retail
medical products and healthcare services.
·Designed consumer marketing and merchandising programs along with all associated
collateral materials including product catalogs, brochures, pos displays, manuals, etc.
·Effectively communicated and implemented retail marketing programs and services to sales
force consisting of 120 regional and territory managers throughout the U.S.
·Presented retail marketing programs and strategies at medical trade shows and healthcare
seminars.
·Personally visited healthcare providers and healthcare professionals to help sales force
sell and impplement retail programs/services and associated products.
·Introduced and sold ancillary services for healthcare providers, including extended
warranty service program and MBNA product financing.
·Responsible for implementation of monthly account activity processes for budget, P&L,
and program/services acquisition costs.
·Defined and lead creative direction for new products and enhancements to existing
products/services, to achieve targeted customers needs within assigned provider markets.
·Increased consumer product sales (b-to-b and b-to-c) through healthcare providers from
$6 million annually to over $23 million annually within 2 years.

Apex Marketing Group, Virginia Beach, VA
1988 1998
Independently owned direct response agency specializing in helping companies and
corporations streamline retail marketing and advertising campaigns with assistance in
telecommunications. Annual sales in excess of $250M

Vice President of East Coast Sales and Client Services
·Created, sold, and managed direct marketing and retail promotions and campaigns for
companies such as; Johnson & Johnson, Anthem, Blue Cross and Blue Shield, Proctor &
Gamble, McDonalds, Rallys, Napa Valley Wine Distributors, Cleveland Clinic, Beneficial,
Oracle, Huffy, Sears and Roebuck, Qualcom, and Sprint.
·Defined and lead creative direction for new products and enhancements to existing
products/services, to meet and exceed clients goals and expectations.
·Responsible for identifying and leading processes for evaluating new retail
opportunities, identifying market potential, establishing pricing, positioning along with
market strategies, competitive analysis, and forecasting potential sales for new and
existing clients.
·Presented direct marketing campaigns and materials to clients.
·Ran all facets of day-to-day client operations.
·Negotiated all marketing and advertising contracts with vendors.
·Hired and trained all account team executives and marketing managers.
·Expanded sales team from 40 to 100 account executives.
·Responsible for both business-to-business and business-to-consumer direct marketing
creation, production, and fulfillment.
·Planned, organized, coordinated and executed assigned programs to ensure accomplishment
of financial/budgetary goals and optimum allocation of resources.

Intrepid Business Group, Santa Barbara, CA & Raleigh, NC
1985-1988
A National marketing company representing government auctions and property foreclosure
listings with annual sales of $75M.

National Sales Manager
·Responsible for inbound and outbound telemarketing sales calls for government auctions
and foreclosure properties on East and West Coasts.
·Maintained in excess of 150 telemarketing stations utilizing calculated manpower reports
and statistics
·Promoted to National Sales Manager in 1989.
·Implemented training course for new recruits - speeding profitability.
·Introduced new multi-media solutions to increase consumer awareness through advertising.

EDUCATION

M.F.A. (Masters of Fine Arts)
AFTS (Australian Film Television School) 1984-1985
Melbourne, Australia

B.A. The Ohio State University
1982-1984
Marketing and Communications

University of California-Berkeley
1980-1982
Marketing and Communications

PROFESSIONAL RECOGNITION
2002 National Telly Award
2001 Cinematography Award
2001 National Vision Award (3)
2000-2001 National Telly Award
2000-2001-2002 National Summit Award
1999-2001 National Communicator Award
