Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	danewoods@gmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 1/27/2004
Last Activity:	 1/27/2004

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Dane R. Woods
789 Arlington Circle
Novato, CA 94947
415-999-8310 mobile
415-883-8843 home
dane_woods@yahoo.com

EDUCATION:
University of North Texas
Denton, Texas
Bachelors Degree: June 1989
Business/Marketing


CAREER OBJECTIVE:
To pursue a career with a local and stable company, utilizing my broad
range of experience. I would be especially interested in a marketing
position for a company with the eventual possibility of corporate level
management and/or ownership opportunities.


QUALITIES:
· I have superior organizational and communications skills,
along with proven experience and hands-on ability, in all levels of
management, including area management and ownership.
· I have 15 years of hands-on experience in all aspects of
marketing and promotions. (Examples: Radio, print, T V, telemarketing,
direct mail, street level marketing, web based and e-mail database
compilation and distribution.)
· I am highly proficient in spreadsheet software, e-mail
database, graphic art, and web design packages on both IBM and
Macintosh systems. (Examples; Word, Excel, Photoshop, Acrobat, Outlook,
Mail King, PM Mail, etc.)
· I have an excellent rapport and working relationship with all
media outlets; (Examples: Alice Radio, S F Chronicle, the Reader, etc.)
· I am extremely talented and experienced in market research,
venue conceptualization, design and construction. Portfolio available
upon request.
· I have an excellent rapport and working relationship with
local hospitality vendors and executives; (Examples: Food, restaurant
supply, liquor, beer, and wine companies.)
· I have superior building code; permit knowledge, and general
contracting skills on new or retrofitted properties.
· I am extremely experienced in local government and political
processes involved in new and retrofitted construction properties.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Nov 03-Currently
Marriott’s the Lodge at Sonoma
Sonoma, California
Bartending/Banquets

Organize, set up, work and total out private functions, including
weddings and corporate events. The number of guest varies between 25
and 300 ppl.

Jan 03- Aug 03
12th @ Folsom Restaurant and Bar
San Francisco, California
Designer/Marketing/General Contractor
Acting General Manager

Went into Harvey’s SOMA, “the original Hamburger Mary’s” on a 6 month
contract, after it was losing 15k to 20k monthly for 1 ½ years.
Re-concepted, re-designed, re-marketed, re-vamped menu hired and
trained new staff. Stayed through 12th@Folsom’s Grand Opening the last
week of June 03. Raised gross revenue from 55k to 85k monthly prior to
Grand Opening promotion and marketing. Sales are increasing about 10%
weekly. Reduced loss by 30 %upon end of contract. Business is now in
escrow to be sold.

May 02-Dec 03
Cyrus Nightclub
Fort Myers, Florida
Owner/Operator

Co-opened Cyrus Nightclub in partnership with Chi-Town Productions,
Inc. Responsible for market research, concept, design, and marketing
development. Trained staff, and management in day-to-day operations,
marketing and promotions, inventory and cost control. Put into place
telemarketing, e-mail compilation and database marketing program.

Mar 01-May 02
Golden Gate Sport and Social Club
San Francisco, California
Co-owner/Operator

Co-purchased GGSSC with Bortz Entertainment Group. Acted As General
Manager; responsible for day-to-day operations, accounting, permit
applications, payroll, scheduling, training, etc. Acted as event
coordinator; developed and promoted networking and co-marketed events
with such groups as The A-List, Absolute- Adventures, Jay Siegan
Presents, ALICE Radio, San Francisco Recreation and Park District, etc.
Also, responsible for marketing all aspects of the Internet based
company. Marketing included; telemarketing, website design and
programming, e-mail compilation and database marketing, radio, print,
quarterly newsletter to over 35,000 members.

Dec 92-May 97 / Jan 98– May 02
Bortz Entertainment Group
Chicago, Illinois
Owners: Joe / Marc Bortz

Jan 98-March 01
Area Manager/Designer

Took over management of Tunnel Nightclub in Chicago. In a 4-month
period, revenue in creased by 150%. We then re-concepted and changed
Tunnel into The Dragon Room. I opened, hired and marketed Dragon Room
and stayed on as general manager for 4 months before moving out to the
suburban region. I conceptualized, designed, staffed, trained and
marketed 7 new locations; Groovy in Midlothian, Groovy in Milwaukee,
Groovy in Rockford. Palatine locations included; Groovy, Club X, Iguana
Club, and the Jaguar Club.

May 97-Jan 98
Food and Drink, Incorporated
Chicago, Illinois
Owner: Dion Antic
Consultant/Corporate Director of Purchasing/Interim Manager

Was a consultant for the opening of Liquid Kitty and Celluloid
nightclubs and remained with the company on a corporate level as the
director of purchasing. I handled the research and purchasing for all
aspects of company, created and started inventory control and ordering
with Excel, ordered, purchased and handled marketing for all the liquor
beer and wine companies and took care of promotions and marketing.
Properties included; Harry’s Velvet Room, Iggy’s, Bruno’s Café Deluxe,
Liquid Kitty, Celluloid, Toast and Olive. Worked as interim management
at Liquid Kitty, Celluloid and Olive Restaurant.

Aug 96-Apr 97
Brew and View, Incorporated
Champaign, Illinois
Owner: Barry Schain
Consultant, via Bortz Entertainment Group

Conducted the introduction and supervision of new management concepts.
Supervised construction of the property, enabling the venue to provide
live entertainment. Setup all licensing, permits and contracts with Jam
Productions, Second City and several major film companies.

Mar 94-Aug 97
Bortz Entertainment Group
Chicago, Illinois
Owners: Joe/Marc Bortz
Regional Manager / Marketing

Supervised six nightclub/restaurants, including management and lower
level employees. Launched and managed all new properties; Venus
Restaurant and Nightclub in Schaumburg(Fine Dining), Paladrome in
Palatine and Vertigo in Rockford. I hired and trained all management
and staff and put in place all corporate policies and procedures. Was
responsible for corporate-wide marketing and promotions.

Dec 92-Mar 94
Vertigo Night Club
Bortz Entertainment Group
Palatine, Illinois
General Manager

Supervised employees, handled scheduling and costs. Head of marketing,
promotions and day-to-day operations.

Sep 91-Dec 92
Big Kahuna Night Club and Restaurant
Entertainment One
Arlington Heights, Illinois
Supervisor: David Tripoli
Opening Corporate Bartender/Assistant Telemarketing Manager

Trained staff, set up pricing and bar procedures. Rotated throughout
other Entertainment One clubs; America’s Bar in Chicago, Walter
Payton’s 34’s
and Studebaker’s in Schaumburg. Promoted to Marketing Assistant
Manager. (Mary Beisemann, Mktg. Mngr.) Set up and trained telemarketing
staff at Studebaker’s. Full restaurant training included.

Sep 90-Aug 91
T.G.I. Friday’s Restaurant
Chicago, Illinois
Opening Bartender/Supervisor
Supervised and trained new employees.

Aug 89-Sep 90
Baja Beach Club and Restaurant
Heartthrob Inc.
Chicago, Illinois
Head Bartender/Supervisor.
Greeted customers, exchanged moneys, handled inventory control and
supervised new employees. Full restaurant training included.

Apr 89-Aug89
Tijuana Yacht Club and Restaurant
Heartthrob Inc.
Chicago, Illinois
Corporate trainer and bartender
Greeted customers, exchanged moneys, handled inventory control and
supervised new employees. Full restaurant training included.

Aug 88-Apr 89
Tijuana Yacht Club
Heartthrob Inc.
Dallas, Texas
Head bartender
Greeted customers, exchanged moneys, handled inventory control and
supervised new employees.

Sep 87-Aug88
American Family Health and Racquetball
Denton, Texas
Assistant Sales Manager

Supervised employees and sales staff and worked on promotions and
advertising.

Jun 85-Sep 87
Birraporetti’s Restaurant
Dallas, Texas
Waiter/Bartender.
