Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	nelson_coy@lycos.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 9/13/2006
Last Activity:	 9/13/2006

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

NELSON R. COY JR.

9618 Thunder Mountain Way
Reno, Nevada 89521
Telephone (775) 853-5873
Cell (267) 767-2504

Dear Hiring Executive:

I am responding to your recent job posting on the Internet. I am interested
in applying for the Sr. Recruitment Manager position. I have included a
resume indicating my work experience.

You may be interested in the work I performed throughout my career. I have
well over 25 years of total experience. Of that total, I have more than 13
years of Human Resource (performance management, comp/benefits and
incentives, generalist, staffing and recruiting, employee relations, policy
development, career development and retention) experience. Within the
areas of Human Resources, I have worked in the healthcare, property and
casualty insurance, and IT consulting industries as well as the military
within the federal government. In each industry I have acquired additional
skills, which would enable me to apply and share that knowledge and
experience within your organization. For example, I have supported
companies within the manufacturing sector while a consultant at MEA.
Another example would be managing multiple locations, both domestic (within
the insurance industry) and international (within the IT consulting
industry). I have also developed and implemented new initiatives providing
companies with creative strategies to achieve their desired goals. I have
had exposure to various HRIS software programs (Ceridian, SMS, ADP and
proprietary) and managed the HR function to support employee populations
ranging from as low as 75 up to 800. During that span, I developed
excellent leadership and management skills and the ability to successfully
complete projects as assigned.

I am a goal-oriented person and strive to achieve positive results. I
also have excellent analytical and problem solving skills. In my
current position, I frequently discuss and resolve issues as well as
completing both short and long-term projects for various member
companies. I look forward to apply all of my skills in your business
environment that would be beneficial to both, the organization and
employees. In addition, I have strong presentation skills. This is
based on three years previous experience as a technical instructor,
and certification as a DDI facilitator while in a hospital
environment. I am comfortable in front of both large and small groups
of people, as well as individuals.

All of the positions I have held dealt with multicultural people. In
addition I have directly supervised up to 25 employees. I can work well
with anyone, and can communicate effectively with all levels of employees
and external contacts. I think you may find the experience I have acquired
would make me an extremely valuable asset to your company. At my most
recent previous employer, I received a base salary package in the mid
sixties. I am willing to negotiate based on the responsibilities for the
position.

As a member of the senior management team, as well as creating and managing a
human resources department for companies in various industries, I believe I
would bring the skills and experience needed to assist you with meeting
your short and long-term strategic goals. I would like an opportunity to
further discuss this position with you. If you are interested, you may
contact me at your convenience. I look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,
Nelson R. Coy Jr.


NELSON R. COY JR.

9618 Thunder Mountain Way
Reno, Nevada 89521

HOME (775) 853-5873

Work History and Experience

Human Resources Manager: Tahoe Pacific Hospitals, Reno NV (Mar. 05 to Jun. 06)
Managed HR department for multiple site
hospitals which includes recruiting, workers
comp, benefit administration, payroll review,
approval and submission, HR management
consultation, management training in HR
issues, supporting and coordinating with
senior management regarding strategic
initiatives and ensuring compliance with all
applicable rules, laws and regulations
Supervised up to 3 people
Recruited for all open positions
Developed and implemented various recruiting initiatives
Analyzed and projected ROI (with recommendations) on each initiative
Developed new salary structure, retention bonus plan and relocation assistance
plan for critical clinical positions

Human Resources Consultant: Mid-Atlantic Employers Association, Phila. PA (Mar.
03 to Mar. 05)
Supported member companies via HR help desk
Coordinated and conducted plant closure notification and outplacement services to
all affected personnel for selected member companies as assigned
Conducted and facilitated various HR training seminars/workshops
Developed or revised employee handbook for assigned member companies
Reviewed and revised job descriptions for assigned member companies
Conducted market salary survey and analysis for assigned member companies
Developed new compensation plan with salary tables for assigned member companies
Authored various HR related articles for member magazine publication

Human Resources Manager: NSTL, Inc. Blue Bell PA (Dec. 00 to Jun. 01)
Established, organized and managed entire Human
Resources function for multi-site technology
(computer software, hardware, peripheral and
internet testing) company
Coordinated, facilitated and managed various training initiatives
Created and maintained various employee and candidate-tracking data bases
Managed and facilitated employee relations issues
Facilitated and coordinated the development of operational support strategy with
licensees which increased available consultants by 100%
Recommended, initiated, coordinated and facilitated company-wide restructuring
plan ultimately generating over 50% savings of total company personnel expenses
Increased preferred staffing sources to meet ongoing and anticipated personnel
needs
Successfully filled all open positions within company
Facilitated and implemented human resources transition strategy regarding
employee related issues (payroll, benefits, employer insurance, employee
handbook, etc.) supporting management buyout of company

Human Resources Manager: The Signal, Wayne PA (Nov. 98 to Dec. 00)
Established, defined, organized and managed the
Human Resources function within company
Responsible for entire Human Resources department and function of multi-site
insurance (call center and distribution center) company
Supervised 4 people
Managed recruiting function for entire company's staffing needs (increasing
employee population from 100 to almost 600 employees during tenure)
Improved staffing efficiencies and recruiting processes which generated over
$300,000 in savings during employment
Created summarized staffing model for use in a call center environment
Developed various policies for inclusion in Employee Handbook, along with annual
review and revision as needed
Developed, implemented and managed employee relations process
Designed, developed and managed company-wide compensation plan
Developed and implemented employee incentive (bonus) plan
Increased staffing sources by over 100% resulting in doubling the company's
monthly hiring
Provided HR related support to all levels of employees within Company
Managed benefits program for entire company
Facilitated development of internal Human Resources site for employee use
Revamped medical benefit programs saving the company 10% per year and generated a
10 - 25% increase in employee net income
Developed, designed and conducted HR training programs throughout the company
Served as counsel to the Company President and senior management for all Human
Resources functions

Staffing Consultant: ROMAC International, Wayne, PA (Oct. 97 to Nov. 98)
Assigned to Mercy Health System (healthcare
environment) Oct. 97 to Apr. 98
Created summarized job description matrix for clients use
Assigned to The Signal (in-bound call center/distribution environment) Apr. 98
to Nov. 98
Hired by Company to create, develop and manage HR department

Employment Manager: Parkview Hospital, Phila. PA (March 95 to February 97)
Recruited for all open positions within the
healthcare setting (averaging 25 hires per
month), which included coordinating initial
training schedules
Supervised 2 people
Provided employee relations support to all levels of company personnel
Managed employee rewards and recognition program
Successfully completed various HR related projects supporting company goals
Facilitated various training sessions for all levels of employees
Had responsibility for the entire HR Department during the extended FMLA absence
of the Human Resources Vice President

United States Marine Corps -- September 73 to September 94
Worked in various positions such as meteorology, technical instructor for
meteorology, Career Development/Retention manager, meteorological forecaster
and meteorological services manager

Education
Eastern Illinois University; Bachelor of Arts Degree
DDI certified; June 1995

References available upon request
