Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	vanessa@hometoast.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 8/9/2005
Last Activity:	 8/9/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Vanessa L. Collins, Pharm.D.
107 Old Field Drive
Bloomsburg, PA 17815
(570) 759-1811
vanessa@hometoast.com


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Geisinger Health Plan January 2004 – Present
Pharmacist
Responsibilities:
Review and critically evaluate biomedical literature to develop and
update drug reviews for the P&T committee.
Present drug reviews to P&T committee. Collaborate with medical
directors and fellow pharmacists to determine
formulary status of new and existing drugs. Review and clinically
evaluate medical records of members as a
part of the prior authorization process. Creating, implementing and
managing the medication therapy management program. Assisting in the
development of a specialty vendor for injectables.

Geisinger Medical Center May 2003 – January 2004
Clinical Pharmacist
Responsibilities:
Collaborated with physicians to assure appropriate patient care in a
general medicine environment and within a
coumadin clinic. Worked closely with patients and physicians to
determine the appropriate dose of coumadin
needed to meet goal INR. Educated patients on Coumadin, Lovenox and
Tikosyn. Provided recommendations for
patient care during general medicine rounds. Conducted medical
histories to assure appropriate medications are
administered. Accurately and timely dispensed medications.

Eckerd Drug September 2002 – April 2003
Pharmacist
Responsibilities:
Collaborated with health care professionals and third parties to assure
appropriate care of patients.
Accurately and timely dispensed and prepared medications. Counseled
patients on prescription and OTC
medications. Controlled inventory.

Aventis Pharmaceuticals November 2000 – March 2003
Editorial Specialist –contractor (metabolism) September 2002 – March
2003
Medical Communications
Responsibilities:
Maintained my relationships with external vendors and thought leaders
to ensure successful negotiations and
publications. Managed publication projects and medical communication
contractors. Reviewed metabolism
publications to assure medical accuracy and appropriate brand messaging.


Editorial Specialist (metabolism) April 2001 – September 2002
Medical Communications
Responsibilities:
Created strategic and educational product publication plans for
Actonel® (an alliance product), Exubera®(an
alliance product), and Lantus®. Managed medical communication
contractors, extensive budgets (1.5M) and
publication projects (in excess of 30 per year). Projects included
journal supplements, review and original
articles, slide kits, newsletters, white papers, and CD-ROMs. Lead
multifunctional implementation teams
consisting of external vendors, medical research, and marketing teams
to attain project goals. Worked closely
with external vendors and internal personnel to coordinate the delivery
of quality medical education materials
that met marketing objectives. Evaluated cost estimates from vendors.
Reviewed all metabolism publications
for medical accuracy and brand messaging. Identified and developed top
thought leaders. Assisted in the
development of a fellowship program.


Medical Information Specialist (cardiovascular) November 2000 –
April 2001
Medical Communications
Responsibilities:
Reviewed and critically evaluated biomedical literature. Developed and
updated standard written responses for
drug information database. Supported marketing by providing in person
medical information at conventions.
Responded to Lovenox® medical inquiries from healthcare professionals,
consumers, and researchers. Supported
both on-site and off-site call centers. Reported adverse event trends.
Assisted in the development of a
residency program.

Knoll Pharmaceutical Company May 2000 – November 2000
Medical Information Specialist II (analgesics)
Medical Affairs
Responsibilities:
Reviewed and critically evaluated biomedical literature. Developed and
updated standard written responses for
drug information database (Lotus Notes). Supported marketing and sales
training by functioning as a medical
resource and conducting monthly meetings on product updates. Reviewed
marketing publications and sales
training modules for scientific accuracy. Reviewed and authorized
promotional material for Vicodin®,
Vicoprofen® and Dilaudid® at compliance meetings. Responded to medical
inquiries from healthcare
professionals, consumers and researchers. Maintained and managed the
medical information repository.
Functioned as a liaison between medical information and an off-site
call center and assisted in the
development of a fellowship program. Reported adverse event trends.
Provided support to cardiovascular and
endocrinology therapeutic areas.

AstraZeneca June 1999 – May 2000
Drug Information Specialist -contractor (respiratory)
Medical Knowledge, Medical Affairs
Responsibilities:
Reviewed and critically evaluated biomedical literature. Developed and
updated standard written responses for
drug information database (Lotus Notes) and reviewed publications and
monographs. Responded to Pulmicort® and
Rhinocort Aqua® medical inquiries from healthcare professionals.
Trained Medical Information Scientists,
Pharmaceutical Representatives and Information Specialists. Reported
adverse event trends. Maintained medical
knowledge in various therapeutic areas by attending seminars and
journal clubs and preparing internal
presentations.

Rite Aid March 1998 – May 2000
Pharmacist December 1999 – May 2000
Responsibilities:
Collaborated with health care professionals and third parties to assure
appropriate care of patients.
Accurately and timely dispensed and prepared medications. Counseled
patients on prescription and OTC
medications. Controlled inventory.

PRESENTATIONS:

Geisinger Health Plan April 2004
Medical Director In-service
"Lantus Clinical Presentation"

Aventis September 2001
Medical Liaison In-service
"Update on Lantus/Exubera Publications"

AstraZeneca
Medical Information Scientist In-service January 2000
Upcoming AstraZeneca Respiratory Products
Information Specialist In-service January 2000
Rhinocort Aqua

Astra Pharmaceuticals
Drug Information In-service March 1999
The Effects of Pulmicort Respules on Cataract Formation

EDUCATION:
September 1995 – May 1999 Doctor of Pharmacy
Temple University School of Pharmacy
September 1993 – May 1995 Pre-Pharmacy
Temple University

HONORS AND AWARDS:
Summa Cum Laude
Rho Chi, Historian


REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Vanessa L. Collins, Pharm.D. – Page PAGE 2
