Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	killerb928@hotmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 7/10/2003
Last Activity:	 7/10/2003

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

54 West Acacia Street
Hazleton, PA 18201 Phone (570) 401-4564
E-mail killerb928@hotmail.com
Brianne Villano


Objective
Fourth year Biology major seeking employment in biological sciences.
Looking to advance my education and skills in real-world environments.

Education
Fall 1999 – Present
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania
Bloomsburg, PA 17815
Biology Major
Chemistry Minor
Pre-veterinary track
Concentration in Microbiology
Current Semester GPA 3.42
Cumulative GPA 3.03
Will graduate December, 2003, B.S. Biology

Core Courses Completed at Time of Employment
Advanced Topics in Chemistry (Organic Polymer Chemistry)
Biochemistry I
Biology of Animals
Biology of Microorganisms
Biology of Plants
Cell Biology
Chemical Principles and Measurements
Environmental Issues and Choices
Essentials of Calculus
Fundamentals of Inorganic Chemistry
Fundamentals of Organic Chemistry
General Ecology
Genetics
Human Genetics
Immunology
Intermediate Organic Chemistry
Medical Anthropology
Medical Bacteriology
Medical Terminology
Mycology
Physics I
Physics II
Statistics
Writing in Biology

Pursuits and Interests
I am determined on entering a career in science whether it is
microbiology, chemistry, genetics or veterinary. Since high school I
have had an aptitude for the sciences and am now pursuing what is to be
the first degree on the way to my doctorate.
I have been playing the clarinet for 12 years and am currently a member
of the Concert Band at Bloomsburg University and the Maroon and Gold
Marching Band also at the University.
I am also an avid computer user and am proficient in Microsoft Word,
having a wpm exceeding 75.

Volunteer experience
YMCA/YWCA Teen Leaders Club
- extensive community service in projects such as Keep
Pennsylvania Beautiful

Tau Beta Sigma
- Christmas caroling; assisting at Catholic Campus Ministry House in
Bloomsburg

Extracurricular activities and Achievements
College
- Concert Band; 4 years
- Marching Band; 4 years
- Vice-President, Band Council
- President, Band Council
- Member, Tau Beta Sigma, National Honorary Co-Ed Band Service
Sorority
- Fundraising Chair, Tau Beta Sigma
- Parliamentarian/Alumni Secretary, Tau Beta Sigma

Work Experience
1998-1999
Fritzingertown Senior Living Community
Drums, PA 18222
Worked as a dietary aide and assisted living aide. Prepared
appropriate meals for every participant in the community as per a
rigorous schedule. Coordinated with patients’ doctors to complete each
participant’s menu. Served and spent time with the patients during
their meals as well as accompanying them back to their rooms to ensure
safety.

Summer, 2000
Centrac, PA, Llc.
Hazleton, PA 18201
Worked as a telecommunications surveyor and also completed daily tasks
as given to me by the office manager. Was promoted to part-time editor
of the office within two months of being hired there. Office closed
down due to lack of funds.

2001-Present
Wal-Mart Company
Hazleton, PA 18201
Part-time cashier while I am attending college. Was also trained at
Lay-Away, Service Desk, Floor Associate and Electronics in my first two
months of employment. Attained “4-Star Cashier” award in my first
three months of employment.

2003-Present
Eagle Rock Marketing
Receive inbound calls expressing interest in marketing promotions
designed by Double Diamond Companies. Provide customer service and
hospitality to all potential customers.

Summary
I am currently enrolled in a challenging, yet stimulating program of
Biology at Bloomsburg University. I am one of around 50 female biology
majors out of 400 total at the university and find it challenging to be
taken seriously. However, I am above a large percentage of the
students in the major and consider myself a talented, intelligent
individual. I understand that it is difficult to hire someone with
little experience, however everyone must start somewhere. All I am
asking for is the opportunity to start here. If you consider me for
employment with your company, I assure you I will devote myself to the
job and the company, and will gain a wonderful educational experience
in the process.
