Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	normagoldfien@hotmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 1/24/2004
Last Activity:	 1/24/2004

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

NORMA GOLDFIEN 2470 Vineyard Road
Email to: normagoldfien@hotmail.com Novato, California 94947
415. 897. 2607


An entry/training position in Pharmaceutical Sales in which 4 years of
sales supervision and experience in diverse medical administrative
environments will be major assets.

• Rapidly achieves rapport with all levels of clientele with
skills in presentation and demonstration
• Committed to customer satisfaction and business retention
• Possesses integrity and a strong work ethic with an ability to
meet company sales and service expectations
• Quick to gain competency in new products, organizational
protocol and company services

Education

UC Davis, Davis, CA
Bachelor of Science, Plant Science

Medical/Technical/Instructor Experience

DR. LAURA DARBY, Novato, CA 2003 to Present
Medical Administrative Assistant (part time)
Work with insurance companies to acquire primary care provider status
for internal medicine practitioner. Perform all required front desk
responsibilities.

ANNETTE SEARS, Santa Rosa, CA 2002 - 2003
Volunteer Home Health Care—worked with primary healthcare worker to
implement care plan for elderly diabetic with medical complications.
Performed insulin injection, managed medications as well as hygiene and
personal living requirements.

DR. JAN BROWN, Greenbrae, CA 2001 - 2002
Medical Administrative Assistant (part time)—Extensive contact with
pharmaceutical representatives while performing front desk
responsibilities for Gynecology practice. Became familiar with medical
terminology. Handled patient scheduling, prescription orders and
maintained patient records.

NOVATO PARKS & RECREATION, Novato, CA 1995 - 2001
Instructor (part time)—led group instruction, presented materials and
demonstrated decorative painting techniques to a class of 10 students.

UC DAVIS, Davis, CA two summers
Lab Assistant, Department of Land, Air & Water Resources—assisted in
research in Plant-Water Relations and Biometeorology. Collected data,
performed data entry and maintained laboratory.

Sales Related Experience

EMPORIUM-CAPWELL, San Rafael, CA 4 years
Selling Supervisor—rapidly promoted to sales position with
responsibility for supervising and evaluating the performance of up to
10 sales personnel in diverse consumer retail departments.
Merchandised floor areas, scheduled staff assignments and interfaced
with the buyer on assortment planning.
