Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	jsmith@catlmbr.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 6/24/2005
Last Activity:	 6/24/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

James E. Smith

125 Greenwood Drive

(570) 387-7925 (H)

Bloomsburg, PA 17815 jsmith@catlmbr.com jsmith@catlmbr.com
(570) 356-2349 (O)


CAREER SUMMARY

Energetic, hands-on executive combining operating and financial
perspectives across industry lines. Agile manager, who defines and
dissects difficult issues, acquires and analyzes information, develops
and implements creative and effective solutions, and acts quickly but
analytically. Articulate and poised communicator who interacts
effectively with line managers, Board members, employees and external
parties including investors, lenders, customers, and strategic partners.

Demonstrated results in:

Strategic & Financial Planning Multi-site/Multi-plant
Controllership

Business Process Improvement Financial Controls and Integrity

Performance Measurement & Reporting Supply Chain Strategy

Profit Improvement/Asset Management Core Competency Analysis &
Strategy


CATAWISSA LUMBER & SPECIALTY CO., INC. 1990 – PRESENT
$45 million manufacturer of kitchen cabinet and furniture components.

Chief Financial Officer/Corporate Secretary and Treasurer
Catawissa, PA
Financial leadership for all 4 manufacturing operations including
cost/inventory management, financial controls, capital investment
strategy, profitability analysis and supervision of IS department.
Instrumental in shortening the financial closing process from six
months to five days.
Partnered with new President for strategic cost cutting initiatives
saving the company $1.5MM.
Managed corporate risk saving the company millions in Workers
Compensation and Health Insurances.
Implemented organizational and process changes creating consistency in
financial analysis, reporting, and support across all plants.

COLUMBIA MONTOUR HEALTH CARE MANAGEMENT, INC. 1987 – 1990
Multi-million dollar home health agency with three business operations.

Director of Finance – C.F.O.
Bloomsburg, PA
Top financial executive for this multi-faceted home health agency.
Responsible for financial controls, strategic analysis and planning,
cash management, and development/leadership of the business office
staff.
Redesigned the entire financial reporting system from the chart of
accounts through the reporting package for the Board of Directors.
Professionalized the business office staff creating a more efficient
and productive business environment.
Computerized and automated Medicare Governmental reporting utilizing
spreadsheet software.

GEISINGER CLINIC - A subsidiary of Geisinger Foundation
1985 – 1987
$1.3 billion health care provider operating in 38 counties and
employing 7,800 people.

Senior Accountant
Danville, PA
Regional financial reporting responsibility for thirteen separate
physician practices.

Provided accurate financial information and analysis to senior
management.
Partnered with site administrators to calculate quarterly physician
bonuses.
Supervision and training of professional and clerical staff.

Staff Accountant
Danville, PA (1984–1985)
Divisional financial reporting responsibility for six physician
practices.


EDUCATION AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

M.B.A. May, 2005, Bloomsburg University, Bloomsburg, PA.
Concentration: Leadership and Management Skills.

B.S. Business Administration, May, 1984, Bucknell University,
Lewisburg, PA. Major: Accounting.

Member Senior Executive Network 2001 – present.

REFERENCES

Available upon request.
