Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	wlkelley@adelphia.net
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 7/26/2002
Last Activity:	 7/26/2002

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

To Whom It May Concern:

I am applying for the position which you have advertised.
Employers and co-workers have always recognized me as an outgoing and hard working
individual. I have an excellent attendance record and am known for being very
dependable. I always strive to do my best. I have the willingness and desire to partake
any necessary training or studies that may be required for this position. In addition, I
enjoy working with the public. Enclosed is my resume, which outlines my qualifications.
I would like to meet with you to discuss my qualifications as they apply to the position
with your office. You may contact me at (814) 355-3040.
I appreciate your time and consideration and look forward to meeting with you.

Best Regards,


Wendy Kelley


Desired Job Type: Employee

Desired Status: Full-Time

Site Location: On-Site

Description of my perfect job: Would be involving the public in some aspect.
Would like to be in a management position.

Career Level: Mid Career (2+ years of experience)

Date of Availability: Immediately

Company Size: No Preference

Category: Other

Description of my ideal company: Should be a company that respect the ideas of
its employees. Should reflect the willingness to work hard to gain success.



US-PA-Altoona US-PA-State College

US I am authorized to work in this country for any employer.

EXPERIENCE 9/1994 - 2/2002 Centre County Emergency Communications
420 Holmes St Bellefonte Pa 16823

public safety telecommunicator

Recieve 911 emergency and non emrgency calls for requests for police,fire,and ems
personel. Dispatch appropriate personel as requested by the caller through phone
interview prosess. Dispatch county public agencies through paging system,and relay
important information as given by the requesting party.

9/1989 - 8/1994 Columbia County Emergency Communications Main St .
Bloomsburg Pa 17815

emergency dispatcher

recieve emergency and non emergency calls for police,fire,and ems personel as
well as other county agencies.Dispatch the proper response per the callers request.

2/1989 - 8/1989 Time Market Main St Bloomsburg Pa 17815

clerk/asst manager

general customer assistance duties to include running of the cash
register,stocking of coolers,making deli sandwiches,selling lottery tickets. Counting all
moneys,doing daily paperwork as pertained to gas sales as well as lottery sales and
general retail sales.Making bank deposits,and obtaining moneys from the bank as to stock
the store with the proper amount of change needed for smooth operations.Signing vendors
reciepts for products brought into the store. General inventory control of store
merchandise and deli supplies.

EDUCATION Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency US-Pa-Harrisburg

Certification

Certified 911 call taker

Emergency Management Agency US-Pa-Harrisburg

Certification

Certified 911 fire dispatcher

Pa Emergency Management Agency US-Pa-Harrisburg

Certification

Certified 911 emergency medical dispatcher

Pa Emergency Management Agency US-Pa-Harrisburg

Certification

Certified 911 Police dispatcher

Pa Emergency Management Agencyq US-Pa-Harrisburg

Certification

Certified Emergency Management Dispatcher

Apco Institute US-Pa-State College

Certification

Certified basic emergency medical dispatcher

APCO Institute US-Pa-Harrisburg

Certification

Certified Basic telecommunicator training

Centre County Emergency Communications US-Pa-Bellefonte

Certification

Certification of the Motorola Console Operator Training Course. Approval for
operation of the Centracom Gold Elite Trunked Radio Console Equipment

Centre Community Hospital US-Pa-State College

Certification

certifiacation in Protecting against bloodborne and airborne pathogens.

PowerPhone US-Pa-State College

Certification

Certification in crisis communications in Dispatcher and Domestic Violence

Pa Department Of Health US-Pa-Harrisburg

Certification

Certified Emergency Medical Tech.

Harrisburg Area Community College US-Pa-Harrisburg

Certification

Certificate of completion in the following: Dispatcher Role in Officer Safety

AFFILIATIONS 1/2001 - Present Centre County Sheriffs Office Search and
Rescue member

SKILLS Skill Name Skill Level Last Used Experience

basic computer knowledge Intermediate Currently used 10
years

telephone skills Expert Currently used 10 years

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION I have many years of retail experience and worked for a
short time as a telephone sales representative with a small company in State College. I
am willing to travel to work within a 60 mile radius of my home in Bellefonte Pa. After
June 2002 I will be able to travel further and may consider relocation at that time.
