Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	pamradcliffe@hotmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 8/15/2001
Last Activity:	 8/15/2001

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Pamela Radcliffe
78 Wooster St
Norwalk, Oh 44857
419-663-0663

Education:
Lorain County JVC Adult Career Center-COMPUTER/ACCOUNTING-
Lotus 123, dbase III+, WordPerfect 5.1, First Publisher, Page maker, Microsoft Word,
Excel, Access, Outlook, Cortez Keying Skills, 10 key calculator, Automated Accounting,
Business Math, Microsoft Works
GeoUniversity- Basic Lending Fundamentals, Client Service Skills, Phone Doctor, Power
Point, FoxPro, AS/400 database, Windows 98, multi-line phone systems, copiers, Evaluation
Training for non-exempt employees, printers- 5si, 4si, hp800, Epsom DeskJet, hp LaserJet
1100, The Phone Doctor series
Bowling Green State University- BPI team building & continuous improvement techniques/
SPC 103-SPC & Structured Problem Solving for Administrative/Service Processes
Terra Community College- Business Communications- Front-line Supervisory training,
Conflict management, Coaching Techniques, Myers Briggs Type Indicator

Experience:
American Family Insurance- the Tim Hirt Agency- 6 months as an administrative assistant
to the insurance agent. My duties include using Microsoft software, fax machines, laser
printers, general office duties, and internal and external customer service tasks. I also
do cold call sales.
Geotrac- 5 years with 3.5 years as the Data Analyzing Department Supervisor. I was in
charge of the data entry, fax and modem communications, also the company courier
services. I monitored incoming and outgoing phone lines and modem lines, training of all
Data Analyzing personnel, monitored production and cost and expenditure control, internal
and external customer relations, as well as coordinated software enhancements and updates
for better productivity and cost reduction. I was a participant of the development team
for new products and testing. I wrote and maintained the Standard Operating Procedures
for the department. I helped create and maintain the Map Copy Process, Address
Validation Process, and Console Matching Process.
R&L Transfer- 1-year part-time pre-entry clerk and billing clerk for a trucking firm. I
keyed in the hazard codes and printed bills for the truck drivers to deliveries.
Pioneer Industrial Products- 1 year as a part-time receptionist, purchase order entry
clerk, insurance clerk, and mailroom clerk, I also did general secretarial duties; such
as copying, prepared billing statements, create letters and graphs.
Kmart- 2 years. I began as a part-time checkout clerk. I was then hired as a full time
checkout clerk, inventory clerk, part-time head checkout clerk and as a receiving
shipping clerk.
Twilight Nursing Home- Personal health care worker for the elderly and seriously ill
person. I completed and maintained daily flow sheets, receptionist duties, aided with
the varied treatments received, maintained and recorded vital signs. Assisted with
tracheotomy care, insertion of Foley tubes, ng tubing, ng feeding, suctioning, and
colostomy bag care.
