Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	c_mowrey@yahoo.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 3/8/2005
Last Activity:	 3/8/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Charlene K. Mowrey
2706 Old Berwick Road
Bloomsburg, Pa. 17815
c_mowrey@yahoo.com
(570)-389-0382

Experience
November 2002- November 2004
Inbound/Outbound Call Center Supervisor- ICT Group, Inc.
Supervisor duties include, but not limited to; management of a
program including:
thorough knowledge of program, production, sales, weekly and
nightly reports,
motivation of TSR’s, coaching, monitoring, attendance and
make-up times, enforce
discipline when necessary, and over-all smooth running of
floor. Meet and work
with clients as needed. Develop and maintain tracking reports
using ICT systems as
well as Microsoft Office programs to include word, excel and
outlook. Oversee all
operations of call center on evening shift. Handle all incoming
calls from customers,
clients and corporate. Handle any Human Resource related issues
on the night shift.
Handle all payroll and administrative issues on night shift

November 2000- November 20002
Customer Service/ Sales Representative- ICT Group, Inc.
Handle customer service and sales calls in both and inbound and
outbound capacity.
Calls would involve customer service and support, sales and
customer retention.
Reached highest sales goals on all programs.

1995-2000
Lead Nurse Assistant- Berwick Retirement Village II
General duties included care of elderly. Everything from
rehabilitation to hygiene.
Attending meetings, pro-active in better patient care/
treatment, supervision of other
Nurse’s Assistants. Resident care in keeping patients families
updated. Maintain
medical records of patients as needed.

1993-1995
Customer Service- Walker’s Jewelers
Everyday duties involved general running of store. Secretarial
duties as well as sales
and inventory/ ordering new stock. Also involved in collection
of delinquent accounts.

Education
1994 High School Graduation
Columbia-Montour Vo-Tech-Marketing and Management

Achievements/Interests
DECA- Club involving competing with other schools in area of
concentration.
Hobbies include: reading, collecting Boyds Bears,
roller-skating, and dancing.
References
Available upon Request
