Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	snamartinez@earthlink.net
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 9/20/2004
Last Activity:	 9/20/2004

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Andrea R. Youlls
16 Klingerville Lane
Bloomsburg, PA 17815
(570)380-1014
snamartinez@earthlink.net



Employment Objective

I am looking to obtain full-time employment in a fast paced environment
with a reputable company.

Employment History

MEDICAL TRANSCRIPTION
YEARS EMPLOYED (1992-93)
Geisinger Medical Center
Danville, Pennsylvania

I worked and studied in the medical transcription department as a co-op
student while in high school, learned basic Geisinger software programs.

MACHINE OPERATOR/DATA ENTRY
YEARS EMPLOYED (1994-03)
Berwick Industries
Berwick, Pennsylvania

I worked in many different areas of the manufacturing plant and handled
many different jobs. I often ran the machinery, handled entering
warehouse information into the computer, sent and received e-mail
correspondence with management, handled assistant supervisor duties
when needed, and provided quality control for product. I was also a
member of the safety committee and was the on-shift emergency contact
person certified in first aid and CPR.


Education

UNDECLARED MAJOR
YEARS ATTENDED (1995-01)
Luzerne County Community College
Nanticoke, Pennsylvania


I attended LCCC on two separate occasions as a full-time student while
working full-time. While attending, I maintained a 4.0 and studied
both office and business management.



HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA
YEARS ATTENDED (1989-93)
Central Columbia High School
Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania


I graduated with honors in the top 20 percent of my class majoring in
business education



Skills

Works extremely well under pressure and in fast paced environments.
Learns new jobs quickly, efficiently, and accurately.
Various computer skills including windows, e-mail, internet, and types
60 wpm.
Familiar with fax machines, telephones, copiers, and other office
equipment.
Excellent interpersonal skills and team player.


References

Available upon request
