Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	laura.jaeger@sbcglobal.net
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 12/7/2005
Last Activity:	 12/7/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Laura Anne Jaeger
440 Cicada Court
Reno, Nevada 89521
Home: 775-853-4149
Cellular: 775-772-7756

Summary of Qualifications:


* Excellent attention to detail, organization and problem solving


* Able to work independently, take direction and fit in with people at all
organizational levels

* Quick learner willing to work hard and make a positive contribution.

Experience:::
September 2005 to Present: RC Willey, Reno, NV. Front Office. Primary
responsibilities are customer service, both in
person and on the phone,
listening to and resolving a variety of customer issues as needed. Also
cashier duties with a sizable volume of cash transactions as well as
checks and credit cards, responsible for balancing actual receipts to
books on a daily basis with very high accuracy.

February 2002 to February 2003: Sierra Nevada College, Incline Village, NV.
Assistant Registrar. Primary responsibility was the ongoing administration of
policies, procedures and practices of the Registrar's office. Reported to the
Registrar. Access to student, faculty and staff information required strict
confidentiality. Duties included entering grades received from faculty into
the computers, organizing and distributing transcripts as required, and
generating and distributing various standard and ad-hoc reports as required.
Duties also included account for and collecting fees associated with
distribution of transcripts as directed by students and faculty. The position
required working effectively with a variety of professionals with widely
varying professional styles as well as working directly with the public.
May 2001 to February 2002: Sierra Nevada College, Incline Village, NV.
Administrative Assistant to the Business
Department. Responsible for
Business students' file maintenance and updates utilizing both the SCT and
Banner systems, establishing and maintaining records management systems
for filing all documents in relation to business department activities.
Coordinating schedules of the Business Department full-time faculty with
SNC students, staff and other departments. Attended Business Department
faculty meetings, recorded minutes and prepared meeting packets and other
related materials. Typed and mailed correspondence such as letters and
proposals for Business Department faculty.

January 2001 to May 2001: Tahoe Tots Preschool, Incline Village, NV.
Preschool Teacher.

May 2000 to December 2000: Inter-County Title Company, Incline Village,
NV.

Escrow Officer. The position is a liaison between sellers, buyers and
financiers in real estate transactions. I ensured that contract terms
were met and appropriate forms, money and reports were filed in a timely
and accurate matter with a variety of public and private entities (banks,
count offices, real estate brokers, etc.). I had extensive personal
contact with principals and their representatives, and was responsible for
initiating contacts and doing follow-up without specific instructions as
needed to cause timely completion of the contracts. I also located the
office space and set the office up.

July 1996 to May 2000: First Security Bank, Incline Village, NV.
Relationship Manager (Loan Officer) effective June 1999. Primary
duties are soliciting potential loan customers through contacts with
title companies, real estate brokers, business and personal contacts.
I gather financial and other business information and prepare a
complete proposal for the Bank's Loan Committee. Also responsible for
follow-up with the customer on the approval process and the contact
person after the loan is made. June 1996-May 1999: Lending assistant.
Primarily responsible for preparation of many different documents for
commercial and consumer loans, emphasis on completeness and
correctness. Also performed a variety of administrative and clerical
activities for bank management and customers. In charge of petty cash
and its reconciliation.

Note: Originally Nevada Banking Company, Merged with
First Security Bank in December 1999. First Security
Bank subsequently merged with Wells Fargo Bank.

August 1995 to June 1996: Stanley's Restaurant, Incline Village, NV.
Bartender, Waitress and Hostess.

November 1993 to July 1995: Photo Lab Management Corporation, Fresno, Ca.
Originally hired for Accounts Receivable and Bookkeeping. Duties included
entry of customer invoices into computerized accounting system, account
reconciliation, posting of payments received and preparation of bank
deposits. Promoted July 1994 to assistant store manager. Duties included
cash handling, preparation of work schedules, interviewing and hiring,
inventory tracking and ordering, and customer relations.
July 1992 to November 1993: Union Bank, San Luis Obispo, California. As
Internal Auditor and Vault Teller,
responsibilities included ordering and
shipping branch cash, teller audits, and branch reconciliation. Was also
responsible for auditing ATM cash and monthly audits. Also supervised Safe
Deposit box section.

Education::

June 1987: Bachelor of Science in Sociology from
California
State University Long Beach
June 1982: Associate of Arts from Long Beach City College,
Long Beach, California
June 1980: Diploma from Woodrow Wilson High School, Long
Beach, California
Personal Information::

Married, two children.

Health: Excellent
Interests: Sailing, skiing, swimming, biking, gourmet
cooking, reading.
