Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	stepbloom22@aol.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 4/29/2002
Last Activity:	 4/29/2002

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Stephanie Lore
Stepbloom22@aol.com
Campus Address Permanent Address
242Iron Street 42 East Poplar Street
Bloomsburg, PA 17815 West Nanticoke, PA 18634
(570) 389-9611 (570) 735-2203

Objective
To obtain a marketing career, that can offer challenging and progressive
responsibilities. Special interests with promotions and public relations.

Education
Bloomsburg University
Marketing Major
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. Expected Graduation: May 2002
¨ Active member in American Marketing Association (AMA).
¨ Personally financed 100% of education expenses through grants, loans, and part-time
work.
¨ Participated in a Marketing Focus Group at Wilkes University. Assisted in developing
an advertising campaign on family planning throughout the Scranton-Wilkes-Barre Area.


Computer Skills
Software: Microsoft, Macintosh, SPSS, Windows, TAO, and Corel
Applications: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Publisher, Toptrack, and Corel Quarto

Selected Experiences
First Columbia Bank, Bloomsburg, PA
Spring Semester 2002
Internship/Marketing Assistant
¨ Assisted the Marketing & Sales Training Officer with marketing research, surveys,
copyrighting advertisements, and lobby signs
¨ Prepared and designed a monthly internal newsletter, Sales Talk

HealthNow-DMERC A, Nanticoke, PA Summer 2001
Human Resource Assistant
¨ Conducted reference checking, scheduled interviews, and sent follow-up letters to
seeking applicants.
¨ Extensively participated and assisted with marketing committees within the corporation
such as the American Red Crosss Annual Duck Derby, United Way, and Wellness Committee.
¨ Received and responded to daily incoming calls, faxes, and e-mails.

United Health Care (HCFA), Nanticoke, PA Summer
2000 &
Quality Control Clerk/Supervisors Assistant Christmas 2000
¨ Worked directly with manager, supervisor, and processing clerks to plan and implement
a quality control program to evaluate the processors performance on insurance claims.
¨ Scheduled and conducted weekly meetings and prepared the corresponding minutes for the
quality control committee.
¨ Developed extensive computer experience.

Andruss Library, Bloomsburg University, PA
9/98 12/01
Work-study Library Assistant
¨ Handled direct customer service, cash transactions, and acted as an information source
to students and patrons; also performed practical services throughout the library.
