Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	brian_shrawder@hotmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 10/24/2005
Last Activity:	 10/24/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Brian K. Shrawder
8 Honeysuckle Lane
Milton, PA 17847
Phone: (570) 713-4220
Email: brian_shrawder@hotmail.com


EDUCATION:

Jan. 2004 – May 2005 Bloomsburg University of PA, Exercise Science
(MS)

Aug. 2001 – Dec. 2003 Indiana University of PA, Exercise Science (BS)

Jan. 2000 – Dec. 2003 Luzerne County Community College, General
Studies

Aug. 1996 – May 1999 Milton Area High School, College Preparatory
(HD)



PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES:

Feb. 2005 – Present Emergency Medical Technician, Evangelical Community
Hospital
Perform Emergency Vehicle Inspections.
Respond to Emergency situation in calm and professional manner.
Utilize basic life support skills to monitor and treat patients in different
emergency situations.
Assist other health professionals such as Paramedics, Nurses, and Doctors in
providing health care to patients.
Complete daily chores as assigned my supervisors.


Jan. 2004 – Present: Graduate Assistant, Bloomsburg University
Assist professors with class lectures, grading, and labs
Serve as an assistant for data collection and analysis
Supervise Bloomsburg Adult Fitness Center and Sun-Com Industries
Assist in the design, set-up, and implementation SUNCOM Industries’ Fitness
Center
Participating in ongoing research projects


Oct. 2003 – Present: Exercise Laboratory Assistant, Geisinger Medical Center
Prepare the patients for the testing procedures
Provide patient education regarding testing protocols
Explain the testing protocol to the patients
Assist the Doctors, Nurses and Physiologist in the testing protocol
Perform clerical duties
Assure testing supplies are available and in-stock


Jan. 2004 – Present: Data Assistant, Geisinger Medical Center
Educate patients enrolled in the “Telemedicine” research study basic computer
instructions, internet basics, reducing risk of CAD, ideal values for
cholesterol, blood pressure, weight, exercise, sign and symptoms of heart
disease, etc.
Obtain a resting EKG on patients
Collect different data such as the six minute walk test times, patient
hemodynamics, demographics, etc.
Stratify and notify the patients who meet the required risk stratification to
enter patients


Oct. 2003 – July 2004: Echocardiogram Technician Assistant, Geisinger Medical
Center
Prepare patients for the Transesophageal Echocardiograms (TEE)
Assist the Doctors, Nurses and Technicians in the TEE procedures
Support staff as needed
Perform clerical duties
Stock supplies


Aug. 2002 – Present: Heart Line Health and Fitness, Personal
Trainer/Techinical Support
Set, Adjust, and monitor workloads of healthy to high risk clientele
Designing and implementing fitness, rehabilitation or sport specific training
programs for clients
Maintaining a safe and hygienic workout environment
Teach proper technique on various equipment
Assist clientele as needed
Supervising the facility
Perform opening and closing procedures for the business
Design, publish, and maintain Heartline’s Website
()
Perform daily clerical duties
Order and stock supplement supplies


Aug. 2001 – May 2003: Coach/Referee, Indiana County Department of Recreation
Organize, carryout practice and game time regimens,
Supervise Eisenhower Elementary children during before, during and after
practices and competition
Serve as a supervisor and referee during the days not coaching


Aug. 2000 – Feb. 2004: Student Security Supervisor, Bucknell University
Organize, assign and supervise students’ assignments
Perform walk through inspections of the campus
Secure and monitor the campus at appropriate times
Assist the Public Safety Officers as needed


Aug. 2002 – June 2003: Resident Assistant (R.A.), IUP
Supervise, counsel and mentor student residents
Organize, assist and run monthly floor and hall educational and/or social
programs
Perform opening and closing hall procedures
Perform weekly and monthly duty hours in the office
Perform safety inspections
Act as hall representative
Monitor the residence for any illegal or safety violations


Feb. 2000 – May 2001: Fitness Center Supervisor, LCCC
Set, Adjust, and monitor workloads of healthy to high risk clientele
Designing and implementing fitness, rehabilitation or sport specific training programs
for clients
Maintaining a safe and hygienic workout environment
Teach proper technique on various equipment
Assist Professors in Health and Physical Education classes as needed
Supervising the facility


VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES:

Aug. 2003 –Nov. 2003: Cardiac Rehabilitation, Geisinger Medical Center
(internship)
Set and adjusted patients’ workloads,
Monitor patients’ blood pressures, heart rates, Rating of Perceived Exertion
Present weekly educational material for patient education on different exercise
topics such as “Exercising in the Heat/Cold”
Teach proper resistance exercise techniques to patients
Monitoring patient during exercise testing
Assist the Exercise Physiologist as needed


Jan. 2003 – May 2003: Physical Fitness Analyzer, IUP (volunteer)
Stress Tested potential police cadets with the Bruce protocol cardiovascular
fitness test
Monitor resting and exercise blood pressures, hearts rates, Rating of Perceived
Exertion, EKGs and VO2 Max during applied stress

Jan. 2003 – May 2003: Special Needs Aquatic Program, IUP (volunteer)
Supervise the special needs children during aquatic exercise
Educate the special needs children about exercise
Assist the children in different activities that target muscular control and
coordination

Aug. 2002 – Oct. 2002: Cardiac Rehabilitation, Indiana Regional Medical Center
(volunteer)
Set and adjusted patients’ workloads
Monitor patients’ blood pressures, heart rates, Rating of Perceived Exertion
Perform patient education about exercise
Assist Exercise Physiologists as needed



CERTIFICATIONS:
American Red Cross/ American Heart Association Certifications
Adult, Child and Infant CRP
Adult and Child A.E.D.
Basic First Aid

American College of Sports Medicine (ACSM)
Certified Health and Fitness Instructor, (HIF)

Pennsylvania Department of Health
Certified Emergency Medical Technician (EMT-B)



PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS:

American College of Sports Medicine (ACSM)
Mid-Atlantic Regional Chapter of ACSM (MARC)
National Strength and Conditioning Association (NSCA)
Indiana University of Pennsylvania (IUP) Alumni Association



COMPUTER SKILLS:

Data Bases, Power Point, Simulations, Spread sheet, Telecommunications,
Web Design, Web Publishing, Windows, Word Processing



REFERENCES:


Troy Klinger, MS
Exercise Physiologist
Geisinger Medical Center
Danville, PA 17821

(570) 271-6737
tklinger@geisinger.edu


Timothy R. McConnell, Ph.D.
Graduate Program Coordinator
Exercise Science, CEH 124
Bloomsburg University
Bloomsburg, PA 17815-1301

(570) 389-4376
tmcconne@bloomu.edu


Aaron Doyle
Montoursville Area Police Officer / EMT
321 Center Street
Milton, PA 17847

(570) 742-8172
doyleaaron@hotmail.com


Leon Szmedra, PhD., FACSM
Professor of Applied Physiology
Bloomsburg University
Department of Exercise Science
142 Centennial Hall
Bloomsburg PA 17815
Phone 570-389-4563
email lszmedra@bloomu.edu
