Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	gdupont3@yahoo.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 3/16/2004
Last Activity:	 3/16/2004

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Gary K. Du’Pont
420 Scorpio Circle
Reno, NV 89521
775-342-9791

OBJECTIVE
I am computer literate: Word, Excel, Internet. Supervise
employees. I do Payroll, A/P, A/R, Purchasing: Inventory, Ordering,
Picking, Shipping & Receiving. Data Processing, Organizing and creating
files, Dispatch & Multi Phones. I love the fast-paced environment and
working with and for the customer.

EMPLOYMENT
ACCOUNT CLERK
WESTAFF/WASHOE COUNTY TREASURER’S OFFICE
YEARS EMPLOYED (EX: 2003-04)
Reno, NV. 89502

Communicates with clarity and customer
service skills
Recognize and analyze problems with clients.
Organize, execute and coordinate assignments.
Balanced cash drawer daily
Dispatching and sorting property tax and utility mail to appropriate
accounts.
Email coordinating and dispatching
Data Entry and processing

I worked at the front counter helping the public. I helped take care
of the trays of mail that came in daily to be sorted and processed to
the customers account. I handled cash, checks, money orders, and other
forms of payments. I helped with answering emails that came in daily
regarding property tax and utility questions. I helped answer multi
line phones.



Phlebotomist/Lab Technician YEARS
EMPLOYED (EX: 2000-02)
Washoe Medical Center
Sparks, NV. 89511

Processed specimens
Sorted and processed specimens
Customer service and scheduling
Data Entry and Processing

I took blood and other body fluids from patients to be processed and
analyzed for the Lab. Customer service was a must. We took these
specimens all hours of the day and night. Scheduled appointments.
Answered multi phone lines. Gave out results to doctors and nurses on
patients. Manually processed specimens on the computer using scanners
and 10 key.







ASSISTANT MANAGER
YEARS EMPLOYED (EX: 2000-02)
Blockbuster Video
Sparks, NV. 89511

Opened and Closed stores.
Payroll, A/R, A/P, scheduling, budgets, and payroll.
Balanced cash drawers and made the daily and monthly deposits.
Monthly and annual reports and audits
Data Entry and Processing

I was the assistant manager in charge of daily store activities such as
scheduling, payroll, bank deposits, customer service, and opening and
closing store duties. We handle the past due accounts. Took them to
court when and if needed. Did our best to make payment arrangements to
avoid going to court. I was in charge of disciplining and morals. I
counseled employees in all aspects when needed.


Warehouse Manager YEARS
EMPLOYED (EX: 1994-2000)
U S Army
Ft. Bragg, NC

Opened and closed the warehouse
Payroll, A/R, A/P, scheduling, budgets, and payroll
Organize, execute and coordinate assignments.
Shipping and Receiving Products
Data Entry and Processing

I was in charge of 30-45 soldiers who helped run a military and
civilian warehouse for military products and vehicles. I was in charge
of maintaining the budget, payroll, A/R, A/P, monthly and annual
reports, shipping and receiving, and data entry using computers,
scanners, and 10 key. I was also in charge of employee disciplining
and morals. I counseled employees in all aspects when needed.




EDUCATION
High School Diploma
2-year degree in Nursing
