Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	ladish@hotmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 5/17/2006
Last Activity:	 5/17/2006

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

La Tricia R.Glover
10735 Copper Lake Dr. * Reno, Nevada 89521 * ladish@hotmail.com *
775-722-3774
Qualifications Summary
Highly personable Customer Service and Colleague Professional with over six years
of experience in account management, sales and sales processing, procedural
assignments, and ordering operations within the telecommunication and
restaurant industries.

Talent for identifying customer needs and presenting appropriate company product
and service offerings.

Demonstrated ability to gain customer trust and provide exceptional follow-up,
leading to increased repeat and referral business.

Expertise in resolving escalated customer service issues.
Secured numerous company achievement awards for delivery of exceptional customer
service.

Proficient with Microsoft Office System (including Microsoft Word, Microsoft
Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint®, Microsoft Access, and Microsoft Outlook®).

Professional Experience
Eschelon Telecom - Reno, Nevada 2002 to 2006
Eschelon Telecom is a leading telecommunications CLEC (Competitive Local Exchange
Carrier), ranked either #1 or #2 in over 13 territories. It became the first
CLEC to complete an IPO in over 5 years, and is traded on the NASDAQ Stock
Market (ESCH). Eschelon Telecom focuses on small to medium sized businesses,
providing local, long distance and high-speed Internet connections.
Associate Network Communication Specialist (December 2005 to May 2006)
This position is about partnering with businesses, to analyze their
telecommunications needs, ensuring that their current local, long distance and
data connections are being utilized effectively and most importantly
efficiently. Owning the sale from beginning to end, coordinating conversion or
new install with local vendors to ensure that the customer has a smooth and
seamless transition onto Eschelon services.

Consecutively have met quota.
Maintained and replenished a full funnel with an 87% closing ratio.
Above meets appraisal from manager on progress within position.
Associate Account Manager (2004 to December 2005)
Serve as a personal customer service representative for numerous accounts.
Maintain a level of customer service to ensure the quality of the delivered
product and uphold the high standards of the company to guarantee its future
growth and success.

Member of the Everest Club for the month of September 2005. This is deemed a
worthy accomplishment for maintaining each account and retaining 100% of the
accounts.

Received Honorable Mention for Customer Care Manager of the Month for April 2004
Self trained for each position that became abruptly available.
Enhanced employee performance and attendance through daily mentoring, one-on-one
discussions and motivational strategies.

Received outstanding positive comments from team members on employee reviews, as
well as exceptional feedback from senior management.

Customer Service Representative (2003-2004)
This position is challenged to provide top-notch service to both internal and
external customers. Processed internal orders and MAC orders with SBC. Sat in
on several escalation issues to have SBC processes and procedures changed
within their company. Answered questions, responded to concerns, and alleviated
delicate situations with professionalism and sensitivity. The experience
included assisting the Regional Manager in creating and updating training
materials on SBC processes and procedures and prepared weekly reports for the
Customer Care Supervisor.

* TAC Provisioning- provisioned all orders for the Reno market and was
responsible for submitting and correcting MAC orders with SBC. Only
efficiently trained employee who submitted directory-listing orders with
SBC.

* Responsible for monitoring Non-Pay accounts, suspending service and
following through to reconnect when accounts became current.
* Received numerous KTP (Keeping the Promise) nominations. These
nominations are submitted by peers within the organization, for actions
above and beyond expectations and goals of the company.
* Received the KTP Award in April of 2004.

Sales Assistant (2002 to 2003)
The Sales Assistant position proved to be very diverse including all front office
duties, maintaining office supplies and shipments, The assistant position was
the liaison for the Human Resource department and local office, it also was the
main source for the reporting on sales commissions
* Scrubbed order packets to confirm products were correctly being sold
* Maintained and reported on monthly sales commissions and adjustments in a
timely manner
Ensuring that sales were paid accurately. Worked for a sales team of 8.

* Awarded the Boise Cascade Award for maintaining all the office supplies
well under budget.

* Responsibilities as a liaison for the HR department included completion and
submission of all new hire documents, conveying health insurance
procedures and explicating benefits packages.

The Lake Bar and Grill - Sparks, Nevada 1998 to 2000
Sparkys Sports Bar - Sparks, NV
Bullys Sports Bar -Reno, NV
Head Bartender/Server (1998 to 2000)
A fundamental position for acquiring customer service skills, time management,
maintaining inventories for future growth and sales and responsible for cash
management, not only daily sales but vending and gaming machines as well.
* Developed numerous personal relationships with vendors and repetitive
customers while promoting a level of customer service in conjunction with
monitoring personal and ethical evaluations of customers.
Education and Training
Graduate in General Studies * Edward Reed High School- Sparks, Nevada
General Studies * University of Nevada, Reno- Reno, Nevada
Massage Therapy * Ralston School of Massage- Reno, Nevada


LaTricia Glover
Page 2 of 2
Professional Experience Continued

...Continued...
