Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	Lynnita_Hailey@yahoo.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 6/25/2006
Last Activity:	 6/25/2006

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Lynnita Hailey

17815 Kings Park Lane #478 ~ Houston, Texas 77058
Home: 832-693-9158 Email: Lynnita_Hailey@yahoo.com

Summary of Qualifications

Diligent, results-oriented Professional with a solid background of experience.
Highly innovative and organized with a history of accurately assessing
operations and developing effective strategies for driving organizational
excellence. Outstanding communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills
with a reputation for forming strong business relationships and fostering
collaborative efforts. Natural leader that builds cohesive teams, providing
the motivation and direction to achieve objectives and goals. Strong analysis,
critical thinking, and problem solving skills with demonstrated success
managing multiple responsibilities in fast-paced environments. Knowledgeable
and skilled in:

* Program Administration
* Client Relationships * Customer Service
* Project Management
* Human Resources * Formal Presentations
* Research and Analysis
* Vendor Management * Information Systems

Professional Experience

UTMB Medical Center, Galveston, Texas 2006-Present
Benefits Technician
Interface with employees to facilitate Family Status Changes, beneficiary
changes, benefit questions regarding medical, dental, vision, TRS and W-4
changes
Coordinate travel arrangements for different departments
Travel Reimbursement requests and bill paying for Benefits office
Order office supplies using People Soft system
Complete Hiring paperwork
Assistant to the Associate Director of Finance with reports, letters, schedule
and arranging meeting
Compile budget information for different reports
Approve time; load exceptions and time adjustments into KRONOS and HRMS
Coordinate different events for the department and vendors coming on to the
campus
Special Projects for benefits staff

united health group, Houston, Texas 2004 - 2006
Provider Service Representative
Respond to a variety of health care provider issues, answering inquiries
regarding benefits, eligibility, and claims.

Assist providers from multiple states with Medicaid for Maryland, New York,
Nebraska, Florida, and Illinois.

Compile, organize, and analyze information to ensure the accuracy and quality of
responses.

Track activities and provide comprehensive reports to senior management that are
vital to decision-making.

university hospital system, San Antonio, Texas 2003
Senior Provider Relations Representative
Resolved a variety of health care provider and medical claim issues, serving as
liaison and collaborating with physicians and other medical professionals to
identify the root causes of problems.

Conducted training with physicians and staff members on relevant programs to
increase knowledge levels.

Provided information on different products, including Medicaid, Commercial HMO,
and CHIP.

Created and delivered presentations on joining United Health Group to providers
to increase business.

Assisted providers with the credentialing process and establishing contracts with
the health plan.

Built and maintained productive relationships with providers at all levels,
forming open lines of communication.

Analyzed and processed vast quantities of information in a timely manner,
ensuring a high degree of accuracy.

Prioritized and coordinated activities to generate a smooth workflow and foster
prompt customer service.

university of texas m.d. anderson cancer center, Houston, Texas 2001 - 2003
Patient Access Specialist
Reviewed forms and verified insurance eligibility for patients accessing services
at several clinics.

Obtained authorization from different insurance companies for medical services
provided to patients.

Interacted with patients and physicians to gather information and resolve
insurance issues.

Participated in a variety of special projects to improve operations and results.
Supervised and mentored new employees to support successful and complete
transitions.

Lynnita Hailey Page Two

Professional Experience
(Continued)

families under urban and social attack, Houston, Texas 2001
Office Manager
Held responsibility for all aspects of office operations at four different
locations.

Directed a clerical staff of three, assigning tasks and monitoring progress and
performance.

Recruited qualified employees, drafting and posting effective job bulletins.
Performed background checks on potential employees to confirm employment and
educational information.

Processed payroll, carefully reviewing data to generate timely and accurate
payments.

Ensured compliance with federal labor laws, continuously monitoring practices and
procedures.

Created and maintained personnel records, ensuring the completeness and integrity
of information.

Administered employee benefit programs, including health insurance, workers
compensations, and 401K plans.

Conducted new employee orientation programs to quickly bring personnel up to
speed.

Negotiated with vendors for goods and services, managing relationships and
ensuring compliance with terms.

Oversaw facilities and systems with accountability for phones, computers, and
building services.

memorial sisters of charity healthplans, Houston, Texas 1997 - 2001
Data Analyst / Claims Specialist for the Medical Management Department, 1998 -
2001
Managed a team of employees, providing guidance to ensure objectives and goals
were met.

Served on various committees and represented senior department management in
meetings, taking part in developing initiatives for positive changes.
Interpreted company policies and monitored activities to verify compliance,
participating in random audits of employee procedures and productivity.
Counseled employees on performance and initiated disciplinary actions as
appropriate.

Interviewed and screened potential new employees, providing sound hiring
recommendations.

Reviewed and processed pending claims with medical management issues sent on UB92
and HCFA forms.

Assisted the Medical Director with resolving appeals and grievances by conducting
research and collecting information from external parties.
Entered and tracked financial data vital to fiscal management, providing detailed
reports.

Participated in the development and implementation of automated systems,
designing user-friendly reports for external entities and all levels
internally.

Assessed new ventures, policies, and procedures to determine the potential impact
to system users.

Collaborated with the Reporting Division to determine internal and external
reporting needs and gather pertinent data to ensure accurate reports.
Filled in as Team Leader for intake coordinators and call center staff,
supervising up to 25 employees.

Played a key role in writing the script for the Medical Management Call Center.
Provided training to employees and others on organizational procedures for
Medical Management.

Medical Management Intake Coordinator, 1997 - 1998
Acted as Team Leader, providing guidance and support to foster high levels of
productivity.

Worked in the Call Center, responding to questions, providing referrals, and
pre-certifying claims.

Researched benefit questions to offer accurate information and advice to clients.
Identified pending claims within the system and provided assistance to ensure
prompt processing.

Developed and implemented organizational systems and improvements, functioning as
the information specialist for the department.

Instructed new employees on departmental procedures and provided system training
to ensure proficiency.

Education

Texas southern university, Houston, Texas
Bachelor of Science in Medical Administration, 1993

Additional Skills

Computer: Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Visio, UNET, Cosmos, IDT, Publisher,
Lotus Notes, CenterVu, Care System, Amisys/HBOC, Macess, Groupwise, ICD-9, Care
System, CPT, and ADP Software

Typing: 70 - 80 WPM
