Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	lenbernstein@sbcglobal.net
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 2/24/2006
Last Activity:	 2/24/2006

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

LEN BERNSTEIN
Novato, California 94947
415-328-9416 Mobile Phone
lenbernstein@sbcglobal.net


PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Len has a comprehensive recruiting, and executive search background;
working as a full-time employee within the "Big 4", as well as technology
consulting and outsourcing organizations. He is skilled in analyzing,
designing, implementing and managing corporate recruitment programs. He has
also developed and managed corporate recruitment advertising programs, employee
referral programs and relocation assistance programs. Through these processes
he has efficiently staffed management?s professional needs enabling higher
rates of retention and resulting in lower costs per hire. He is a certified
trainer in Behavioral Interviewing and Ethics in the Workplace.


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

Len Bernstein & Associates
Novato, CA
February 1999 to Present

Len Bernstein & Associates specializes in employment consulting, contract
recruiting, retained and contingent search. We have successfully sourced,
interviewed and negotiated with and placed "C" level executives, business
developers, business process operations and information technology
professionals. Our internal and external recruiting experience includes
working with multi-functional teams within the: insurance, health care,
financial services, high technology, energy, freight forwarding / logistics and
retail industries. We work in a collaborative manner with our clients and are
able to produce quantifiable results regardless of tight timeframes or other
organizational constraints to successfully deliver measurable value while
analyzing, designing, implementing, managing sourcing and recruiting for their
corporate recruitment programs.

CSC Consulting
San Bruno, California
August 1993 to February 1999

* Recruiting Manager, West Region, managed the regional recruitment function
for this consulting division of Computer Sciences Corporation.

* Provided the leadership and delivery for the recruitment process, in the
West Region, of this internationally recognized management consulting &
systems integration firm. Developed and implemented a variety of
recruitment programs to enhance the effectiveness of referrals,
interviewing and the selection of business process and systems integration
consultants.

* Recruited and hired professional services consultants, at all levels,
growing the regional organization from 40 to over 200 billable
consultants. This included Practice Directors, Account Managers, Account
Executives, Management Consultants, Technical Architects, and Technical
Consultants.

* Utilized a variety of recruiting techniques, which included personal
networking and recruiting, establishment of an Employee Referral Program,
Internet Job Posting, Recruitment Advertising, the use of contingency and
retained employment agents, as well as, Entry Level campus recruiting
(10%).

* Certified trainer in the delivery of Creating a Respectful Workplace
(Ethics Training) and Behavioral Interviewing Techniques.

* Prepared and managed an annual recruitment/relocation budget in excess of
$1MM.

Ernst & Young
Recruiting Manager
San Francisco, California
October 1988 to June 1993

* As Recruiting Manager, West Management Consulting (WMC), designed,
developed and implemented the human resources/employment function for
WMC's Information Technology and Performance Improvement practices,
providing recruiting services to seven offices throughout the northwest.

* Have recruited and employed several hundred professional at all levels, in
the Information Technology and Performance Improvement (process
improvement, operations, finance & cost management, and strategic/quality
management) practices. Industry categories: Energy, Energy
Transportation, Financial Services, Health Care, Retail, Hospitality, and
High Technology.

* Managed campus recruiting activities by arranging and participating in
on-campus presentations, pre-screening resumes and on-campus interviews.
Primary emphasis has been at U. C. Berkeley and Stanford University.

* Selected by senior management to represent WMC as one of eight nationwide
human resource professionals, for the purpose of developing a
comprehensive "New Consultants Orientation" program; which was implemented
in October 1992.

* Selected by senior management to represent WMC in evaluating the efficacy
of adopting a "Focused Selection Process" (Behavioral Interviewing), for
use by all E&Y Management Consulting regions.


PREVIOUS INDEPENDENT CONSULTING ASSIGNMENTS

American President Companies

* Successfully recruited 130 information technology professionals and 50
contract programmer analysts.

* Developed the criteria for a management development program, which was
adopted and implemented.

* Developed the plans for a skills inventory to be used for the purpose of
planning future staff growth and training requirements.

Bank of America

* Consulted to Bank of America for nine months responsible for the
recruitment and hiring of 105 senior data communication professionals.
Project resulted in a budget surplus of $235,000.

Fireman's Fund Insurance Companies

* Consultant to Fireman's Fund Insurance Companies for three years with
responsibility for the recruitment and hiring of 160 information
technology professionals. Managed FFIC's Systems Organization recruiting
program. Developed, implemented and utilized special promotional events
and employee referral programs. Developed a marketing brochure, which
introduced out-of-town candidates to FFIC and the San Francisco Bay Area.

* Staffed Agency Automation Services, Inc., a newly established wholly-owned
subsidiary of FFIC. Recruited and employed 80 information technology
professionals and 30 marketing / sales professionals during this six-month
assignment.

Previously employed by two employer-retained agencies specializing in the
recruitment of information technology professionals.


EDUCATION

B.S., Political Science, University of California, Riverside.

References available upon request
