Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	iamram190@yahoo.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 2/25/2002
Last Activity:	 2/25/2002

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Richard A. Miller

875 Tamalpais Ave. #18 w Novato, CA 94947 w 415-893-9067 w iamram190@yahoo.com

PROFESSIONAL GOALS:
Motivated achiever recently completed Master of Science in Microbiology and wishes to
contribute meaningfully to the long-term objectives of an organization and to the
microbiology community.

EDUCATION:
CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY, CHICO
Master of Science in Biological Sciences, August 2001
Bachelor of Science in Microbiology, Chemistry Minor, May 1998

Relevant Coursework With Lab Component:
Microbial Genetics, Bacterial Physiology, Medical Bacteriology, Biochemistry, Genetics,
Immunology, Quantitative Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, Ecology, Plant Physiology,
Histology, Electron Microscopy, Parasitology, Toxicology, and Bio-remediation project
involving degradation of phenols.

SKILLS AND PROFICIENCES:
Computer: Laboratory:
ŸMac and PC ŸPower Point ŸMedia Preparation ŸGel Electrophoresis (SDS, PFGE)
ŸExcel ŸMS Publisher ŸAseptic Technique ŸGrowth of Bacterial Culture
ŸMS Word ŸPhotoshop ŸElectron Microscopy ŸSpectroscopy (IR, NMR)


RESEARCH:
Masters Thesis Research: California State University, Chico, 07/99-08/01
Macrorestriction fragment analysis of California E. coli O157:H7 isolates using
pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE). Conducted genetic diversity study to determine
if California E. coli O157:H7 strains could be fingerprinted using genomic DNA. Set up
new PFGE unit and obtained conclusive results. Ability to differentiate among individual
isolates of the organism paramount for resolving epidemiologically related cases in
outbreaks and for establishing links to sources of infection.

Bio-remediation Project: California State University, Chico, 01/97-05/97
Transformation of plasmids, transposon mutagenesis, electroporation, plasmid preparation,
gel electrophoresis, and restriction mapping were used to localize p-nitrophenol
degradative gene(s) on plasmid fragments.


EMPLOYMENT AND EXPERIENCE:
Lab Aide: Butte County Public Health Laboratory, Chico, 11/00-11/01
Aided in performing parasitic screening tests, HIV screening tests, Chlamydia/Gonorrhea
screening tests, Syphilis screening tests, water testing, and media preparation.

Supervisor: California State University, Chico, 05/99-08/01
Constructed work lists and delegated key tasks. Worked cooperatively with colleagues to
quickly complete assigned tasks while developing excellent multi-tasking skills.
Developed skill in communicating with people from various cultures, ages, and ethnicity.

Quality Control: Butte Creek Brewery, Chico, CA, 07/96-01/97
Tested outgoing product for impure yeast strain and bacterial contamination. Prepared
media and worked under conditions where aseptic technique was paramount.

Community Volunteer Work: CAVE Center, California State University, Chico, 07/96-01/97
Worked with elderly people to provide companionship and plan activities that promoted
exercise as well as friendship. Learned to diplomatically deal with physically challenged
and sometimes difficult people.


REFERENCES:
Available upon request.
