Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	debbieucd@hotmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 9/29/2005
Last Activity:	 9/29/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Debbie Shuler
2465 Baton Drive
775-853-6003 home
Reno, NV. 89521 debbieucd@hotmail.com


Summary of Qualifications

15 years experience of administration of medical records at UC Davis medical
center in Sacramento, CA.
7 years of Supervisory experience with a staff of 8 personnel.

Extensive hands on experience with patient identification, assembly unit, chart
completion and all file room applications.

Supervisor over 5 departments of medical records UC Davis.

Participated, as project manager, in the planning process for new file management
systems.

Developed new techniques for audit reviews, with verification and validation.

Several years of management of staff, including performance, accuracy and
accountability.

7 years of Staff hiring, performance review, training and development of training
materials.

Knowledge of medical terms, insurance, patient care and administrative issues.

Experienced in working with all diverse levels of the general public.

Knowledge of CA State and HIPAA release laws.

Developed new training programs submitted to management for implementation.


Computer Literacy

Windows 98/NT/2000/ XP
MS Office, Lotus, ACT, Networking Technologies


Education


SACRAMENTO CITY COLLEGE - 1986
Business courses and specialized medical programs.

Specialized Training

UCD Medical Center, Sacramento, CA.
Supervisor certification – Certificate – 1994

Lincoln Training Center – Sacramento, CA.
Medical technologist Management – Certificate – 1986

CNA Home Health – Certificate 1983


Professional Experience


1986- 2004 UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA DAVIS MEDICAL CENTER,
Sacramento, CA
Administrator Specialist II/ Supervisor – Medical records

Assisted management in policy changes related to medical records.
Lead team member for development of new data management system.
Acted as liaison for several department team projects.
Supervise administrative staff for patient coordination issues.
Provide training for new hire staff members, developed training materials.
Planed and organized daily work schedules and staff scheduling.
Implemented problem solving skills in a fast passed environment.
Knowledge of joint commission on accreditation for healthcare standards.
Worked effectively with policies and procedures for patient confidentiality.
Continuously updated personal skills relating to procedures for medical records.
Effectively communicated with all levels of staff and management.
Attended many workshops relating to personnel hiring and training practices.
Provided recommendations to management on staff training programs.
Participated in auditing of records to verify physician follow through.
Coordinated record review and document maintenance with physicians.
