Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Private
Email:	cleope0103@comcast.net
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 7/8/2006
Last Activity:	 7/8/2006

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Loretta Cleope Martinez
33 Aries Lane, Novato, CA 94947 ~ (H) 415-898-2367 / (C) 415-756-5164


OBJECTIVE
I am a detail oriented, outgoing and energetic team player seeking the
opportunity to utilize my diverse training, work experience, business,
interpersonal and communication skills in achieving excellence and success for
my team and myself.


SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS
* 16+ years administrative, customer service/relations experience within the
corporate and hospitality arenas. Managed Care Pharmacy Network and
supporting Hotline development and management.

* 18+ years experience using all Microsoft Software programs: Word, Excel,
PowerPoint and Access

* 5+ years Managerial/Supervisory experience including staffing, payroll,
setting policy, creating training
materials and implementation of policy and quality standard changes.

* 8 years database and contract management experience using Paradox and
Access database management software, Maplinx mapping and GeoAccess network
analysis software to provide statistical healthcare network comparisons
and provider directories in securing 3rd party contracts.


EMPLOYMENT HISTORY

* Bennett-Pryor Temporaries, Oakland, CA 9/05-Present
Temporary Administrative and clerical assistance assignments. Currently,
assisting the Wrap-up Unit of Gallagher Construction Services using Cipworks
and Tam software systems in San Francisco, CA


* Reutlinger Home for Jewish Parents, Danville, CA April-May
Dining Room Manager 2005

Managed meal services, dining rooms and catering services for an Assisted Living
and Alzheimer's Care Facility for Jewish Elders. Liaison for Dietary
Department working closely with residents regarding their meal services.
Position included setting staff schedules, reporting payroll and budgetary
expenditures and working very closely with residents. Livescan approved, April
2005.


* Marines' Memorial Club Restaurant, San Francisco, CA 1988-2005
Assistant Skyroom Manager 6/02-3/05

Managed dining room, bar and lounge services of a private membership club.
Performed payroll processing using Kronos, procurement, vendor and customer
relations. "Manager On Duty" providing customer relations for hotel, Banquet
and Vendor relations. Technical skills using PosiTouch, Infinnity and Delphi
software for inter-related processes between Hotel and food services, billing,
supervising banquets and dining room functions. Managed and trained a staff of
20. Developed and published weekly publication to enhance awareness and
communication between all staff and management. Bartender/Cocktail as
necessary.


* McKesson Corporation, San Francisco, CA 1986-2002
Manager, Pharmacy Network Services (Product Manager 2) 2000-2002


* Management: Managed staff in marketing and maintenance of a 27,000 member
pharmacy network in
obtaining access to third party insurance
groups. Job included direct contact
negotiations and
maintenance, overseeing a staff of Managed Care Directors & Representatives
in the field and home office.

* Network operations: Database management included research, development and
distribution of network
membership directories. Membership management
also included ensuring pharmacy member
compliance
with insurance company and government requirements.

* Communications: Responsible for research, clarification and dissemination of
network member
requirements, policy and benefits with both
member pharmacies and company distribution
center and
managed care staff.


EDUCATION / TRAINING / SPECIALIZED SKILLS

* "Managing Multiple Projects, Objectives & Deadlines - (1/05) @ SkillPath
Seminar, SF, CA
* "Food Safety Management Certification" - (3/04) @ Premier Food Safety, SF, CA
* "Managing Within the Law", Effective Communications", Coaching Parts 1, 2 & 3,
"Developing High
Performance (Oct-Nov/01) / Six Sigma Methodology Basic Training (1/01) -
McKessonHBOC in-house
Training courses, SF, CA
* High School graduate with extensive on the job and specialized employer
endorsed training.


REFERENCES
Available upon request
