Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	TevAnse@aol.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 3/29/2004
Last Activity:	 3/29/2004

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Robert H. Tevis
1279 Hemlock Street
Bloomsburg, PA 17815
570-389-1241
TevAnse@aol.com

Work Experience
Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor 11/89 to present
Concentra Integrated ServicesMechanicsburg/Wilkes Barre
§ Responsible for the coordination of vocational and medical
support services for injured workers.
§ Work closely with injured workers' attorney, insurance
carrier, physicians and prospective employers.
§ Complete reports to document services provided and/or
requested; evening work and travel required.

Public Relations Director12/99 to 1/2001
Bloomsburg Theatre Ensemble Bloomsburg, PA
§ Worked with staff, board, ensemble members to provide
promotional events to support fundraisers and theatrical productions.
Maintained contact with community media via radio, television and press.

Drug & Alcohol Counselor4/89 to 11/89
White Deer Treatment CenterAllenwood, PA
§ Provided individual, group and family counseling for
adolescent and adult populations. Provided information on how to obtain
services; arrange transportation and escorts as well as provide
emotional support; made oral and written reports.

Drug & Alcohol Counselor 4/88 to 4/89
Locust Mt. Treatment Center Shenandoah, PA
§ Provided individual, group and family counseling for
adolescent and adult populations. Established need assessment and
eligibility for services and resources; lead recreational activities;
made oral and written reports on the condition and progress.
Drug & Alcohol Counselor 4/89 to 6/89
Bloomsburg Hospital Bloomsburg, PA
§ Worked part time in Detoxification department; responsible for
intake, assessment, coordination of aftercare services, follow up and
transportation.
House Management Services 3/86 to 3/87
Pittsburgh Public Theatre Pittsburgh, PA
§ Responsible for assisting out of town guests artists with
accommodations; assisted with front of house.
Theatrical Positions 9/81 to 3/86
New York City Manhattan, New York
§ Performed a variety of positions related to theater.

School Coordinator 1977 to 1980
Cambridge Community Schools Cambridge, Mass.
§ Served as 'hands-on' Director and Supervisor of after school
activities for children K thru 8th; also responsible for pre-school and
senior citizen group.
Director, Activity Center 5/73 to 6/75
Lynn Day Activity CenterLynn, Mass.
§ Served as 'hands-on' Director, at center for mentally retarded
adults; supervised staff of three, volunteers, and population of 15-20
consumers.

VolunteerExperience
Volunteer Training for work with persons with AIDS Columbia
Montour Home Health Visiting Nurse Association
Marketing Committee Bloomsburg Theatre Ensemble
TreeFest Committee Board Member
Columbia Montour Mental Health Association
Production Tour Manager Bloomsburg University Theatre Department

Education
Masters EducationCounseling
Antioch University Cambridge, Mass.
Bachelor of Science Business Management
Gannon University Erie, PA
Certified Rehabilitation Counselor Obtained in 1995

References available upon request
