Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	mcanfield@ftmc.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 6/24/2003
Last Activity:	 6/24/2003

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Michael J. Canfield
4489 Laylin Road
Norwalk, Ohio 44857
(419) 681-5195
mcanfield@ftmc.com

Work Experience
November 1996 - Present, Fisher-Titus Medical Center
Director of Information Systems since June 1997. Responsible for all
hospital computer systems and telecommunications. Responsible for
providing core applications to a second hospital. Currently managing a
staff of 20 with a 1.2 million dollar operating budget. Managed
application beta testing and major infrastructure upgrades including PC
replacement program and implementation of redundant systems for main
information system. Oversaw application development for 3 new hospital
services and 5 new facilities including equipment selection, wiring,
installation and configuration. Chaired Technology Integration
Committee to coordinate introduction of new systems into the
enterprise. Implemented WAN to connect 13 physician offices to
hospital services and systems.

Started a consulting company (The Fisher Group) associated with the
medical center to provide computer consulting services to other
hospitals, physicians and companies. The hospital allows current
employees to engage is short term consulting projects to provide for
personal growth, additional compensation, and the opportunity to bring
new ideas back to Fisher-Titus Medical Center.

Led a team to select and implement an ambulatory electronic medical
record in several physician offices associated with the hospital’s
Medical Services Organization. Required reviewing RFI, coordinating
product demonstrations and follow up discussions with physicians.
Implementation required detailed involvement with office setup and
product rollout.

Negotiated an outsourcing agreement with an area hospital to provide
their information systems services. Magruder Hospital now runs
entirely on Fisher-Titus systems and is supported by our staff.

Led a multidisciplinary team to select and implement a replacement
solution for the hospital’s main information system. The year long
project touched every department in the hospital and required
continuous communication with vendors, customers, senior management and
department staff.

Worked with executive management to create a technology steering
committee for the medical center to coordinate and prioritize strategic
system acquisitions. I continue to serve on that committee.

June - August 1996, Amdahl Corp., Senior Software Design Engineer
Providing system support and operating system development on
large-scale Unix system. Required in depth knowledge of Unix operating
system, S370/S390 architecture, C programming and customer interface
skills.

July 1994 - May 1996, Independent Consultant
Taught C programming courses on several occasions for Lowe's Companies.
Developed and executed Statements of Work for Amdahl Corp. to provide
front end processor conversion and project coordination services to
their customer.

February 1994 - July 1994, Lowe's Companies, MIS Analyst II
Provided Unix system support to local developers, taught C programming
courses, evaluated and purchased hardware for warehouse environment and
managed initial install of computer systems in new automated
distribution center. Assisted in network hardware and software
installation and configuration (Token ring/TCP/IP).

April 1993 - November 1993, Amdahl Corp., System Engineer Specialist
Provided world-wide level 3 support of the UTS operating system from a
home office. In this headquarters customer service position I was
responsible for problem resolution for Amdahl UTS software. Required
thorough knowledge of Unix internals, C programming, system dump
analysis, and S370/S390 architecture.

October 1990 - April 1993, Amdahl Corp., System Engineer
Provided on site hardware and software support for Amdahl products and
services. Responsible for customer satisfaction with Amdahl products.
Activities included software problem isolation, escalation, and
tracking. Also responsible for hardware problem isolation and field
repair. Participated in and led hardware and software installations,
maintenance, and upgrades. Cross-trained on processor and DASD
products.

May 1987 - October 1990, AT&T Bell Laboratories, Member of Technical
Staff (MTS)
Provided Unix system programming support to local data center serving
1000 end users. Responsible for training operators and system
administrators, system enhancements, and software/hardware problem
determination and escalation. Worked extensively with compilers,
kernel modifications and dump analysis. Serving as department quality
advisor, I reported directly to second level management and was
responsible for all department quality activities, education, and
programs.


Education

Ashland University, Ashland, Ohio
Currently enrolled in MBA program
Graduation date TBD

The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio
M.S. Computer Science, December 1988

Muskingum College, New Concord, Ohio
B.S. Computer Science, May 1986
Summa Cum Laude

Western Reserve High School, Collins, Ohio
Salutatorian, June 1982


Computer Systems

Extensive experience with IBM compatible mainframes and peripherals,
IBM R/S6000, Unix systems (several derivatives of SVR3,SVR4, BSD), IBM
PC, MAC, MS-DOS, iSeries 400, Microsoft Windows 2000, 95, 98, NT,
Foxpro, Visual Basic, and various PC applications. Familiar with DEC
OpenVMS, Various Browsers, HTML, XML. Experience with TCP/IP, Token
ring, SLIP, and PPP networking

Familiar with a wide variety of desktop applications including Open
Office, Microsoft Office, Crystal Reports and various ODBC drivers and
emulators.

Extensive experience with hospital information systems including
pharmacy, laboratory, radiology, PACS, patient accounting, patient
registration, materials distribution and general financials.



Professional Interests

Electronic medical record systems and national EHR initiatives
Healthcare information standards efforts
Corporate IT strategy and governance
Corporate IT culture


Computer Skills

Project management
Software development and support
Hardware fault isolation and field repair
All aspects of Unix system support and administration
Hardware and software installation and configuration


General Skills

Integration and creativity
Technical training and education
Leadership
Excellent written and oral communications
Customer and vendor interface management
Problem solving
Technical marketing support
