Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	seanrrwilkins@hotmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 8/8/2005
Last Activity:	 8/8/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Sean R.R. Wilkins
1541 Center Rd.
Novato, CA 94947

c: 302-753-8393
seanrrwilkins@hotmail.com


Objective:

I am seeking a professional marketing communications position which
allows me to incorporate my marketing and communications skills,
experiences, and abilities with my passion and knowledge of wine in a
challenging environment with opportunities for travel, management, and
growth.


Experience:

2002- June 2005: Design Services, Ltd. , Marketing
and
Development Coordinator
Wilmington, DE

Worked directly with the president and the design staff to
create, execute, and manage a targeted and successful advertising and
branding campaign for an interior design firm servicing commercial,
residential, and healthcare clients. Successfully managed the
budgeting, development, and oversight of all print and
multi-media advertising, direct mailer campaigns, web site, business to
business networking, client services activities and events, and
strengthening the client relationships and referral system.


2000-2003: Sullivan’s Steakhouse, Server/Trainer/Assistant Wine Steward
Wilmington, DE

Performed consistently among the top three in sales and service
scores as a server, among a staff of eighty. Assisted in managing wine
and liquor inventory and selections, performed wine and liquor tasting
and education seminars for the entire staff and management on a weekly
basis. Assisted in training all new servers.

1999 Summer: Sierra Club, Seasonal Membership & Publicity Manager
Newark, DE

Assisted with the hiring and management of a staff of up to 20
for a seasonal campaign to increase general membership and
environmental awareness in the Delmarva area. Assisted in the
coordination and execution of press releases and events.


Education:

University of Delaware, B.A. English
Newark, DE 2001-2004

American University, International Finance and World Religions
Washington, DC 1996-1998

Delaware College of Art and Design, Intro to Web Design/HTML
Wilmington, DE


Abilities & Skills:

Project Planning, Implementation, and Management
Public Speaking, Networking, and Presentation Skills
Software: Adobe Creative Suite, MS Office Suite, FrontPage 2002
Language skills: Spanish Semi-Professional speaking, reading, and
writing

Freelance Graphic Design and Photography Services
Private catering and wine education/tasting parties
