Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	dtraver@thompsonmailing.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 1/23/1999
Last Activity:	 1/23/1999

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Darla Traver
Rr#9, Box 181
Bloomsburg, PA 17815
Home: 717.437.3573
Fax: N/A
Email: dtraver@thompsonmailing.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

Presently, I am the HR Manager for a 350 man mail processing facility. This
position has afforded me the opportunity to reduce turnover by 35%, decrease
workmen's compensation claims by an estimated $43,000, and increase moral and
the spirit of teamwork.I am seeking career growth with a dynamic
organization where my experience and abilities are fully utilized. Delving
more into benefit administration and contracting, as well as, becoming more
involved with corporate policy and procedure development is the direction I
would be interested in taking. However, providing and/or supervising the
duties of a generalist is still very appealing.


WORK EXPERIENCE

September Present - Present
Human Resources Manager, David J. Thompson Mailing Corporation
Responsible for policy/procedure implementation. Develop and conduct all
employee screening, hiring, orientation, training and review for a 375+ man
company. Develop positive employee relations. Benefits, workmans
compensation and unemployment claim administration. Report directly to Owner
and Company President. JTPA, EIP and WOTC coordination with state and local
agencies to receive funding. Implement a successful turnover reduction
program. Administer FLMA, ADA, etc. federal law compliance. Coordinate
payroll processing. Provide employee counseling and coordinate all company
sponsored employee events, i.e. picnic, monthly newsletter, monthly birthday
celebrations, etc.


September 1990 - May 1996
Store Manager, Coastal Corporation
Screen, hire and manager staff of 10 employees in a convenience store setting.
Complete charge of store operations, i.e., purchasing, merchandising ,
payroll, inventory, profit/loss margins. Major emphasis on customer service.

Company wide maintained the lowest turnover rate of any of the 300+ stores
throughout the U.S. #2 in PA District for sales and inventory control.
Increased sales each year by a minimum of 3%.


June 1987 - September 1990
Operations Coordinator/Marketing Representative, Susquehanna Health Care
Full charge of office operations, physician/hospital contracting, budget
preparation, financial reporting, etc. Report directly to the Board of
Directors. Sales and service of current and new PPO subscribers.

Individual contact with hospital administrators and physicians. Fee
negotiations and contracting.




EDUCATION

H.S., Pennsylvania State University Hazleton Campus of the Commonwealth College
Major: business administration GPA: 3.4



HONORS
