Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	theonlynancy@aol.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 12/14/2005
Last Activity:	 12/14/2005

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Nancy A. Presswood
9 Bridle Walk * Bloomsburg, PA 17815 * (570) 389-8287 *
mailto:theonlynancy@aol.com

theonlynancy@aol.com

Objective
To acquire a challenging community relations or events planning position that
utilizes my unique skills and talents.

Summary of Qualifications
A proven track record of advancement in positions held.
Demonstrated success in contributing to organizational growth.
Adept at building organizational relationships both internally and externally.
Creativity in design and presentation of marketing and public relations
materials.

Group leadership experience in both training and problem solving.

Professional Experience
2005 Vintage Knolls at Grandview, Danville, PA
Administrator
Certified personal care home administrator.

Recruitment of and sales to potential residents.

Guided supervisory staff in annual licensing preparation.
Initial development of newspaper and billboard advertising campaign.

2001- VNA Private Duty, Inc., Sunbury, PA
2005 President
Successfully incorporated three additional counties into service area.
Increased referral sources by 25% through positive agency relationships, high
community visibility, speaking engagements and new promotional materials.
Improved recruitment and retention of personal care staff via development of
updated training program and in-house continuing education.

1994- Shamokin Area Community Hospital, Shamokin, PA
2000 1997-2000 Director of Community and Governmental Relations
1994-1997 Food Service Director
Devised annual marketing plan in conjunction with facility strategic plan and
long-range goals.

Conception and oversight of two major advertising campaigns annually including
print, radio and billboard advertising.

Complete overhaul of in-house bi-weekly newsletter.

Oversight and participation in the development of community activities including
annual anniversary gala, golf tournament, and fund-raising activities.
Served as liaison between hospital and governmental officials regarding key
healthcare issues.

Improved cost-efficiency in dietary department by 20% through re-designs of
shifts and staff, and development and adherence to annual budget.
Reduced cost per meal on the average of $.30
Served as corporate Performance Improvement Trainer.

Continued

1989- Nutri-System, Inc., Oneonta, NY, and Santa Rosa, CA.
1992 Program Specialist
Executed all aspects of the Nutri-system program including sales, nutritional
guidance and behavior modification classes.

Additional Experience
2001- First Presbyterian Church Bloomsburg, Bloomsburg, PA
Present Elder, Chair of Public Relations Ministry
Development of new logo for use in print materials.

Writing and oversight of new church brochure.

Accomplished goal of increased presence in local newspaper.

Coordinator of GET DOWN! BHS Dance Marathon 2006.

Oversight of launch of new fundraiser to benefit Bloomsburg High School Choral
programs.

Working with students and Parent volunteers from chorus booster organization.

Education and Professional Development
Bachelor of Science, Food and Business, State University of New York at Oneonta,
1986
Certified Personal Care Home Administrator, Department of Public Welfare, PA,
2005.
