Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	molnar@evenlink.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 4/8/2002
Last Activity:	 4/8/2002

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

Diane Molnar
40 Columbia Ave.
Bloomsburg, PA 17815
570-389-0776
e-mail molnar@evenlink.com

Professional Experience

* Purchasing Materials/Equipment/Supplies * Inventory Management
* Cost Containment * Needs Assessment Evaluation
* Distribution * Customer Service

Specific Assets

* Solid work ethic - responsibility, enthusiasm, dependability
* Exceptional organizational and coordinating skills with the ability
to handle multiple tasks simultaneously
* Independent worker requiring little supervision, self-starter, fast
learner
* Customer Service is a priority
* Team oriented, enjoy working with people, supporting and contributing
to the team effort
* Word, Excel, Word Perfect, Lotus, Paradox, Resource Control, Smart,
HMS

Employment History

Berwick Hospital Center, Berwick, PA 2000-Present
Director, Materials Management
144 Bed Acute Care Facility
240 Bed Long Term Care Facility

Manage purchasing, receiving, distribution, and mailroom. Negotiate
supply and equipment contracts. Review and recommend capital equipment
purchases. Manage staff of 5, consistently within staffing standards.

Monitor corporate contracts and implement to achieve highest possible
compliance. Increased from 56% to 96.9% to become #3 in the country
for February within Community Health Systems.

Identify, implement, and document cost savings resulting from product
or process changes. Decreased supply expense as % of net revenue from
17% to 12.5%.

Maintain proper inventory levels, forecast usage, and adjust order
quantity to facilitate lowest possible carrying costs. Responsible for
lowering inventory by 35% with no loss of service.

Maintain HMS file maintenance and vendor files. Chair Forms Committee,
Chair Product Standardization Committee, and Member of Environment of
Care Committee.

Osceola Regional Medical Center, Kissimmee, FL 1995-2000
Director, Materials Management
171 Acute Care Facility

Directed the daily purchasing, receiving, distribution, mailroom, and
reconciliation functions of the materials department. Managed staff of
eight, consistently within staffing standards. Coordinated movement of
supplies and equipment to and from the warehouse and outside facilities.

Monitored corporate contracts and implemented to achieve highest
possible compliance. Increased contract compliance from 53% to 95%
bringing the facility to #1 in the nation. Reviewed competitive
offers, analyzed vendor activity, and resolved quality and accounting
issues.

Identified, implemented, and documented cost savings resulting from
product or process changes. Areas of responsibility ended 1999 with
expenses 1 Million under budget with revenue 3 Million over budget.

Oversaw inventory, forecasted usage, and adjusted order quantities to
facilitate lowest possible carrying costs. Responsible for lowering
warehouse inventory by 45% with no loss of service.

Maintained Smart file maintenance and vendor files. Functioned as
Smart Administrator.

Chaired Forms Committee, Member of Quality Council, Product Evaluation,
Y2K, Utilization Management, Infection Control, and Safety Committee.

Tupperware World Headquarters, Orlando FL 1994-1995
Product Planner - Sales Support Material

As planner for a $16,000,000 inventory, ensured minimum investment in
inventories while optimizing 99.9% customer service levels, resulting
in cost cutting inventory carrying costs. Managed proper
configurations at distribution centers in Rhode Island, Idaho, South
Carolina, and Tennessee.

Identified obsolete and excess inventory for resale or destruction.

As member of Quality Action Team, identified the need to monitor the
escalating number of new Sales Support Materials and their
effectiveness by implementing a watchdog program to justify need and
measure effectiveness.

Home Office of Kissimmee, Kissimmee FL 1992-1994
Owner/Operator

Established a professional home-based office management service.

Tupperware World Headquarters, Orlando FL 1982-1992
Coordinator

Coordinated the production of all sales training and support materials,
the presentation of training programs, and assisted with the
implementation of all field tests. Conducted training needs and
evaluation research, compiled and reported findings to improve
effectiveness. Created and maintained an inventory control database to
monitor support materials that resulted in significant cost savings the
first year.

Coordinated the installation of new distributors including arranging
facilities and equipment, scheduling personnel, supplying support
materials, and keeping installation personnel current on policies and
procedures.

Developed and implemented procedures for the smooth transition of
regional offices to headquarters while maintaining current duties with
no loss of service, and became the model for the transition of
remaining 13 regions.

Education
Valencia Community College 1989
Company Sponsored Window, WP, Lotus, Paradox
Teco - Word, Excel
