Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	megcrowley@sbcglobal.net
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 4/2/2004
Last Activity:	 4/2/2004

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

MEG CROWLEY

OBJECTIVE:

Long-Term employment in medical/dental reception that
will provide me with an opportunity to successfully utilize
my skills and gain valuable experience in the workplace.


EXPERIENCE

2003-2004
T.M.C.C.-Learning Center
Reno, NV

Tutor
-English and Study-Skills tutor for students with both Learning and
Physical Disabilities.
-Worked with students individually, providing advice, instruction, and
motivation.
-Appointment by personal recommendation from a professor based on
academic excellence.

2003
Hallmark Creations
Reno, NV

Sales Lead
-Cash Management/ Customer Service.
-Promotion from Sales Associate to Sales Lead within two weeks of hire
date.
-Opening/Closing Responsibilities which included: Gathering of
daily/weekly sales and inventory reports, management of security tapes,
accounting of all tender and transactions at end of business day,
preparation of daily deposit and transport to bank, key-holder
entrusted with personal alarm code. Supervisor in absence of Manager
and Assistant Manager.
-Inventory Management, which included audits of available stock,
correction of over/under stock mistakes and ordering of all products
for gift-wrap and greeting cards.

2002
Kurt G. Hammerstrom, D.D.S.
Los Altos, CA

Office Manager
Sole clerical responsibility for thriving dental practice, which
included: All scheduling, patient contact, phone and organizational
duties.
-Responsible for management of all insurance billing, claims
processing, and communication with insurance companies and dental lab.
-Accounts receivable, which included monthly billing and collection of
patient payment.

1999-2000
Christine Hansen, D.D.S.
Palo Alto, CA

Patient Coordinator
-Responsible for all patient contact, including scheduling of
appointments and collection of fees.
-Filing and organization, communication and coordination with lab.
-Proficient on Dentrix and DentalMac computer programs.

2000
Archbishop Mitty High School
San Jose, CA

Junior Varsity Field Hockey Coach
-Complete responsibility for twenty- four member JV high school
athletic team.
-Game strategy and practice curriculum during four month season.

Related Personal Experience:

Past and Future involvement in volunteer Pet-Assisted Therapy program,
providing comfort and interaction in hospital, nursing- home, and
children’s shelter settings.


EMAIL:megcrowley@sbcglobal.net
PHONE: (775)846-5583
1692 Broadstone Way, Reno, NV 89521
