Name:	Anonymous
Phone:	Not specified
Email:	Reys1976@hotmail.com
Location:	
Work Status:	
Last Modified:	 3/30/2003
Last Activity:	 3/30/2003

Experience
Total years experience:	
Job Categories:	
Additional Skills And Qualifications
Recent Job Title:		 Recent Wage:	
Languages Spoken:		 Managed Others:	
Security Clearance:	 No	 Military Experience:	

Desired Position
Desired Wages:		 Desired Employment Type:	
Desired Travel:		 Desired commute:	
Desired Relocation:	

Resume

SHANNON REYNOLDS
1699 Iron Mountain Drive, Reno, Nevada 89521
(775) 851-4614 email: Reys1976@hotmail.com


Work Experience:

· Barn Manager/ Show Groom. Responsible for the total
care of advanced combined driving four in hand team and low level
event, trail, and sales horses. Duties included ordering supplies,
scheduling veterinary, farrier, chiropractic, massage, and other
professional visits. Organized horses’ paperwork for health
certificates/ records, show records, travel, and advertising, etc for
sales purposes. Total care of barn and surrounding grounds.·
Director of Equestrian Activities. Responsible for teaching beginner
to advanced English riding, jumping, and horsemanship to children at
summer camp. Also wrote policy and safety procedures for equestrian
program. Organized End of Summer Horse Show.· Wrangler/ Tour
Guide. Conducted horseback tours of Arizona desert. Taught beginner
western riding lessons/horsemanship. Responsible for riding, training,
and showing sales horses. Evaluated new horses for use in the guest
string.· Behavioral Health Technician. Care of mentally
disabled adults and teens in group home setting. Observed and
documented behavior, assisted with medication administration, food
preparation, and recreational activities.· Unit Secretary,
Monitor Technician, Patient Care Technician. Level one and Level two
facilities. Monitor cardiac rhythms, interpret and chart printed
strips, monitor system trouble-shooting, blood/ lab draws and
collections, enter orders into computer, order supplies, maintain
patient charts. Assist RN’s and charge personnel as needed.·
Admissions Representative. Assist patients with filling out paperwork,
enter patient data into hospital computer system, prepare patient
identification, and notify appropriate insurance carriers of hospital
admission.· Firefighter/ EMT. Respond to emergencies on an on
call basis, cover 911 and inter-facility ambulance shifts as needed,
cover structure fire shifts, perform stand-by medical assistance at
major sporting events, concerts, parades, and casinos. Participated in
covering BLM, Federal, and local brush and forest fire hand crews and
engine crews. Taught CPR/First Aid and fire safety classes to the
public.
More about Me:· Aspiring Registered Nurse. Working on
prerequisites for nursing school at Truckee Meadows Community College.




· Outdoor Enthusiast. Great love of animals. Competitive in
various horse sports. Enjoy photography and co-ed team sports.·
Literature and Music. Enjoy classical music concerts, opera, theater,
and various authors. Enjoy learning about new things.
References:

1. Shelby Shank (480) 998-0315
2. Steve and Megan Shoemake (602) 938-9495
3. Robert and Amy Synesael (520) 326-3663

